Tim Sackton: We will start our game tonight in a dimly lit run.
Tim Sackton: You are lying in a
Tim Sackton: what looks like a crudely made prison with 3 other people having just awoken from a long, unconscious sleep.
Tim Sackton: You're in a maybe 15 foot by 15 foot cell. dressed just in.
Tim Sackton: you know the clothes that you were wearing, stripped of all equipment items, valuables, coin
Tim Sackton: weapons, armor.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: The wall to your right is made of wood. It looks quickly constructed or crudely made.
Tim Sackton: Of repurposed
Tim Sackton: picnic tables, or work benches, or something like this. This was not originally wood construction.
Tim Sackton: The wall in front of you is not actually a law. It's just a series of iron bars.
Tim Sackton: and there is a gate
Tim Sackton: that is locked with a small
Tim Sackton:  corroded looking padlock that keeps the gate from opening.
Tim Sackton: Looking through the bars, you can see what looks like a
Tim Sackton:  just used an long disused workshop, like of a blacksmith or a forge. There's an anvil in the center of the room.
Tim Sackton: There's a forge not lit.
Tim Sackton: The chimney crumbled that probably couldn't be used safely at this point there's several crates.
Tim Sackton: large wooden crates that seem to have been recently pushed around their have gathered less dust than the rest of the
Tim Sackton: room. And there's a wooden door through which light and the faint sound of
Tim Sackton: laughter can be heard the occasional clatter of dice. But without getting closer you can't hear the words or the language.
Tim Sackton: So as you look at your companions, why don't you all describe yourselves?
Phil Grayson: You see my character ace scale, and they are but a 6 foot one
Phil Grayson: green lizard folk sort of middle aged looking.
Phil Grayson: and
Phil Grayson: pretty thin.
Phil Grayson: pretty non script. Just kind of your average lizard folk
Sara/Loria (she/her): as you pan over to Loria. You see a female halfling, barely stout and compact, about 3 foot tall, 40 odd pounds or so. She looks like she is
Sara/Loria (she/her): mid 40 s. For a half length. Pretty well worn and used clothing, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): cleaned it as clean as you can be in a cage or a prison.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and she's
Sara/Loria (she/her): nervous eyes, kind of darting, wanting to make contact, but not really following through.
John L: Gayden is
John L: a very average looking man. Thirties or forties, hair brown. blondish, his eyes green, maybe blue.
John L: about 5, 8, 5, 9 average late average heights. Sits very lightly.
John L: but otherwise nondescript.
Dylan: And II so sorry. That was the the light in this room. Is it enough for someone without dark vision? Clearly.
Tim Sackton: there's it's it's probably just past noon. I forgot to mention. There's a
Tim Sackton: window, several windows high up and barred, that are letting, casting light into the room. None within your
Tim Sackton: prison cell itself, but 2 on either other, on the other walls that are prison in the door opposite each other. And then there's barred windows on the other 2 walls.
Dylan: Yeah, my, my character, just like everyone else. Nondescript. Seems to be the theme. But yeah, sandy brown, yeah, maybe blue eyes as well, but
Dylan: capable, youngish looking looking man, I guess, would be
Dylan: so. It's trying to study each other. So they're looking everyone else up and down, kind of figuring out that we're all in the same situation together.
Dylan: I guess I feel around, for like the wooden door, I think that probably be my first thing to look at, probably feeling like
Tim Sackton: with like gaps or hinges, or like a walk, or anything. Just kind of studying that with my hands before really engaging with anyone else am I gonna stand up? Is the is the the cage like? It's the ceiling is pretty high. It's maybe 15 feet high. This looks like it was a corner of this workshop, this forge that we're a prison was recently or not super recently, but constructed on top of the the room.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So well,
Tim Sackton: that
Dylan: sorry? What was your character's name? Dylan? Yep, just to make things real nice and easy. Well, Dylan is is
Tim Sackton: beginning to poke around feeling along the the edge of these planks that have been used to construct. One of the walls. What is everybody else doing?
Tim Sackton: If anything, you can just sit there and watch him.
John L: Gayden's more focused on the other people in the cage with him than the cage itself.
John L: but he is
John L: looking and kind of judging his
John L: Oh, prisoners
Sara/Loria (she/her): loria is kind of scanning the ground being that she's so close to it. Looking for things that we're kinda like us around with and turning over rocks. If there's anything around, just sort of
Sara/Loria (she/her): fussing and fidgeting around.
Tim Sackton: how about a scale
Phil Grayson: he'd just be keeping an eye on everyone as well, I think at this point. Okay, can I get investigation check from Dylan?
Tim Sackton: And
Dylan: if I use a roll 20. Is that where we're gonna do the roles from?
Tim Sackton: It doesn't matter either one role 20 or or if you're in Dnd beyond, you should be able to just click on investigation, and I'll just roll the dice for you.
Dylan: and it'll pop up in the
Dylan: zoom
Tim Sackton: if if you see there's like a little a little like red
Tim Sackton: beyond button that shows up, and then if you click on that, or
Tim Sackton: sorry on if you just click on the plus it should hopefully just roll.
Dylan: Oh, yeah, it does. Okay. Gotcha
Tim Sackton: and also could
Tim Sackton: Lauria make
Tim Sackton: also an investigation check?
Tim Sackton: For some reason I I've never got 13. Okay.
Dylan: well, it's actually would have been the same amount. So I think, yeah, it's the same. Yeah.
Dylan: So yeah.
Tim Sackton: the the one thing you. So as you
Tim Sackton: as you 2 sort of poke around the cells, the halfling and and this human, the rest of you just kind of watching for a few minutes as they explore. Laurie, your head is still throbbing from the club last night. And
Tim Sackton: you know the floor is dirty
Tim Sackton: definitely. Nobody slept this room in a while.
Tim Sackton: That's about all you manage to notice. Dylan, on the other hand, poking around, you do notice that one of these boards. There's there like bottom quarter of it feels rotten to your touch, like if you probably take a nice loud whack, but it's definitely feels like it has a little give to it like it's not. It's pretty soft
Tim Sackton: constructed. There's no, you know, gaps or doors. It's like 4 big wooden planks. But one of these planks was clearly rotten
Dylan: from the capture without, you know. Obvious.
Tim Sackton: Has your hand feeling?
Dylan: I think we told, I think, in the back story you're healed up.
Tim Sackton: This is like the next morning after you slept till late noon. This is like the next day after you got captured
Dylan: all good. I guess I'd have a brief look around.
Dylan: in. However far I can see with whatever eyes look like humans, so I don't have that big dark vision, or anything but kind of a brief look around before I start.
Tim Sackton: It's dim light, but not but not super dark, I mean. So you can see like there's there's like all sorts of stuff scattered around the floor of this floors. There's like hammers. There's, you know, a crowbar.
Tim Sackton: There's, you know, scattered you would recognize. Actually, you can see that there's like at least one good set of smith's tools here that you could.
Tim Sackton: You could scavenge if you could, just, you know, reach them from inside the cage.
Tim Sackton: There's and the room is only about 20 feet from end to end right or maybe 30 feet
Tim Sackton:  and it looks like you know, there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, bits of iron. There's a what looks like a maybe a axe lying around there's
Tim Sackton: this is. Room has not been cleaned in a long time. Everything looks kind of rusty and dusty, and
Tim Sackton: looks like it almost looks like sort of a trashy, for random stuff has just been tossed that whoever is laughing in the other room didn't want or didn't care about.
Dylan: I mean, I'll I'll try get that moldy bit a bit of a bit of a tug if I'm not really seeing any big movement coming from the dimly lit area unless someone's
Dylan: doing something else didn't want to take over
John L: works for me. Gayden kind of sees what you're thinking and
Tim Sackton: make a strength check.
John L: I love parties where nobody has higher than attend strength.
John L: Look here.
Dylan: yeah. So I just clicked like.
Dylan: click, that I guess
Tim Sackton: dice is very dramatic. And Dnd, yeah, this is weirdly slow. You can also roll on. Roll 20, if that's faster. Not sure why, it's taking like a minute for it to roll.
Dylan: Oh, hey? Look
Dylan: a BC, a a little bit of a shove, and then
Tim Sackton: your fist just goes right through, and the bottom
Tim Sackton: bottom bottom quarter of this of this piece of wood, maybe a good
Tim Sackton:  you know, 3, 4 feet
Tim Sackton: just kind of
Tim Sackton: bends off, not even with a huge noise, even it just like you're surprised it was. Must have been much, much more rotten than you thought it was.
Tim Sackton: because it didn't even take that big of a whack to get it
Dylan: like rip it off. I mean, I'm just tossing it to the side. I guess I'll just shove my hand through to start trying to feel around the other side of the door. And and this is, it's like 3 feet by 3 foot square, right? Like you could crawl through this.
Dylan: Oh, yeah, like. I think I'm
Dylan: I have my own thing going on. So I guess I'm I'm going through first without really considering that there are small people that would be. I think I'm just. I think I'm just going through. I'm
Dylan: Dylan's a man mission here. Get down on your on your
Tim Sackton: you know your belly and kind of wiggle through this crack you could created. It's like Lauria could practically walk through without her head scraping the top
Tim Sackton: for the rest of you. It's a bit of a squeeze, and you find yourself in this
Tim Sackton: clearly abandoned
Tim Sackton: blacksmith's workshop.
Tim Sackton: You see, the rest of you crawl out.
Phil Grayson: I'm making a move
Sara/Loria (she/her): slightly, dip my head, watch everybody
Dylan: a little annoyed with them. You simply could hear some voices. There's like the sound of laughter coming from the
Tim Sackton: so there's a door. There's a closed wooden door
Tim Sackton: on the far side of the room, and there's noise coming from that door.
Dylan:  I'm I imagine it's not open because I like. I don't know. Not open. I'm be lining it for some tools like, but I'm not gonna just start
Dylan: throwing tools around loudly assembling or investigating it. So as you come out, you see that there's also another door that was sort of on the opposite side of this
Tim Sackton: of this wooden wall.
Tim Sackton: where there there doesn't seem to be any light or noise coming from it. It's also a a intact wooden door.
Tim Sackton: so as you sort of scavenge around. that you can easily find.
Tim Sackton: You know the the materials for to get yourself a set of smith's tools or tinkers, tools, or both
Dylan: Smith's tools, I think, is what I'm proficient with. So I will take that.
Dylan: They say.
Phil Grayson: when I saw actually these tools as well
Tim Sackton: and and same for same for you, Askael.
Phil Grayson: We use tools, tinker's tools, or smith tools, whichever you'd prefer.
Phil Grayson: I'll
Phil Grayson: I'll quietly thank Dylan for
Phil Grayson: opening that up.
Dylan: Now do I recall who. So we have a Lizard
Dylan: lizard folk. and they
Dylan: can, you see in the doc?
Dylan: Okay.
Dylan: I guess I'll I'll I'll extend the question to the other the rest of us, cause I'm looking at that dark hallway and being like I'm I think we're going that way for looking at our way out.
Dylan: So what's everybody else doing? Well, the 2 artifices are scavenging for tools, crates, there's like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: there's the 2 doors, one of which has noise coming from it.
John L:  Can I go towards the door to see if I can pick out any specific con bits of conversation, dialogue language
John L: the door that. Yeah, you can go listen at the door. Yeah. So I go to listen at the door.
Tim Sackton: How about Lauria?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Sorry. Just out of game. Can anyone hear the immense amount of noise in my background? Or is that getting dampened out? Okay, great. My cat's having a time tonight? I just wanted to know if I needed to mute or not.
Sara/Loria (she/her): so I think that as people are scavenging around Loria is like walking underneath tables and kind of going around and trying to like
Sara/Loria (she/her): be if there's anything that we're missing.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I just sort of like checking. And
Sara/Loria (she/her): for cracks, crevices, anything like that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): we're ready.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So let's see, got in.
Tim Sackton: The language is one that you don't recognize. They're being loud, and they sound like they're drinking and gambling.
Tim Sackton: You can make out at least. probably 3 distinct voices
Tim Sackton: does
John L: comprehend languages, disclose what the language is, or simply what's being said?
Tim Sackton:  that is a
Dylan: good question. Nobody's ever asked me that before.
Tim Sackton: The the spell is unclear.
Tim Sackton:  I will say that it lets you.
Tim Sackton: It lets you know the language. If it's a relatively familiar one, if it's some weird, esoteric language. Not necessarily
John L: so, I'm going to not drawing attention to myself quickly. Cast.
John L: compreh, comprehend languages
Tim Sackton:  that requires that requires a material component. Oh.
Dylan:  I that's I. Subtly I walk through and pick up some set from the blacksmith.
John L:  and then that'll work.
John L: Is there a little bit of salt?
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's like 3 on open crates you haven't looked in. There's also,
Tim Sackton: Laura is looking around for other stuff
Sara/Loria (she/her): could Lauria join Gaden at the door before he as he's rummaging for?
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Dylan: You actually recognize the language
Tim Sackton: they are speaking? Goblin?
John L: Hmm, hmm!
Dylan: You
Sara/Loria (she/her): can I hear what they're saying? Or is it just that I can pick out that the intonation and grunting is goblin?
Tim Sackton: No, you can. You can hear them. You want to listen for a bit. Yes, please.
Sara/Loria (she/her): They seem to. They seem to have just finished
Tim Sackton: a round of cards or something, and and one of them is yelling
Tim Sackton: to the other. There's like a sort of loud, a loud, bossy one.
Tim Sackton: There's a sort of quiet, squeaky one.
Tim Sackton: and there's a sort of angry, grumpy one.
Tim Sackton: and the angry, grumpy one is is sort of yelling for for more more brandy, saying.
Tim Sackton: Stuck here for a stinking week. Damn that, Ogna!
Tim Sackton: Why does Falcon listen to her? In the first place, she doesn't even like working for Grimstone, and the bossy one is like, Ha, yeah, it's the easiest rating in a while.
Tim Sackton: One prisoner a week, and all the brandy we can drink. Glad we've got her and her buddies to draw Grimstone's ire.
Tim Sackton: and then there's like a sound of like dice rolling and clattering
Tim Sackton: and they're quiet for a minute, and it sounds like they're drinking.
Tim Sackton: and then there's like a yell somebody loses
Tim Sackton: slide.
Tim Sackton: God damn! Markie
Tim Sackton: must be cheating.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So I turn around to Gaden in the fireplace. I'm assuming and say.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think I think there's read
Sara/Loria (she/her): maybe more.
John L: What language? And there's what language are they speaking?
Sara/Loria (she/her): It's goblin.
Hmm!
Dylan: Can can I assume that by finding Smith's tools we like us us artifices. If we will, we can use the tools that we've found as our acting focus. Okay.
Dylan: perfect.
Dylan: Now we're taught.
Dylan: I guess they have, like a small camera or something. I like to think it's just clients.
Dylan: are we wanting? So I guess I'll whisper to the rest of the body and be like alright, like
Tim Sackton: which direction are we wanting to go also? Did someone look at the other crate? That's mine? I won that last night. That's mine
Dylan: as you open as you open the crates. This is like just a keeping pile of like random.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: bits of waterskins. Mess kits. There's like 14 torches.
Tim Sackton: A handful of tinder boxes definitely more than the stuff you are all carrying right. There's
Tim Sackton:  you know. There's
Tim Sackton:  a ha! There's a crowbar and a hammer.
Tim Sackton: There's an herbalism, kid. If anybody's proficient in that, there's 2 coils of rope
Dylan: for anybody wants to take rope is a I would treat that as like as just a simple
Tim Sackton: club club, or whatever kind of simple weapon you want to treat it as perfect. I I'll grab that some torches
Tim Sackton: could be ahead if somebody wants it.
Tim Sackton: There's, you know, a bunch of torches. There's
Tim Sackton:  you know, basically, if there's you know, if you wanna mess it or
Dylan: almost anything could be a club in this room. I mean, a torch could be a club. The arts!
Tim Sackton: There's a ha! There's a hammer, too, which could be a light hammer.
Tim Sackton: There's a ledger book
Tim Sackton: like a recent ledger book like looks like a sort of what a merchant would sort of track
Tim Sackton: sales in
Tim Sackton: 20 sheets of blank paper.
John L: I would.
Tim Sackton: Thieves picks.
John L: I'd like to look at the ledger.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So it's a
Tim Sackton: you know. It's a series of of it's like an accounting ledger, right? Like it's a series of, you know. So and so owes x so and so owes y. It looks like it's the records of a
Tim Sackton: of a grain merchant
Tim Sackton: probably somebody who's been who is sort of trading in this area, buying from small farms and keeping track of what they owed, and then bringing the the
Tim Sackton: the goods downriver to the sort of main port and selling it out, exporting it.
Tim Sackton:  From this area to, you know, other places in the Green Sea
John L: has double entry bookkeeping been invented yet
Tim Sackton: probably not. It's just like it's like a narrative, right? It's like January twelfth, 1,748. So and so you know.
Tim Sackton: it's definitely not like a double entry. Anything. While everybody is, you know, digging around a little bit, Lauria, you hear a bit more conversation at the at the door.
Tim Sackton:  a bit of a bit of laughter, and it looks like
Tim Sackton: it. It looks like somebody won they're they're back to.
Tim Sackton: Looks like maybe they're back to playing cards. Spa! Good thing that fool lizard folk had cards on him gives us something to do
Tim Sackton: which one should we give to
Tim Sackton: brimstone. When he comes down in 2 days I vote for that lizard folk dude. He's eats the most, anyway. I don't like the look at him.
Tim Sackton: The bossy one says, Haha, yeah, I bet we can keep that scrawny halfling alive for weeks on stale bread and rotting meat.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be talking a bit, and the the whiny one is like it. You're stalling. Place your bets already.
Tim Sackton: Pass me that brandy
Sara/Loria (she/her): silently heaves a little bit when they say rotten meat for the half lane. But then
Sara/Loria (she/her): turns around to
Sara/Loria (she/her): a scale and says whispers.
Sara/Loria (she/her): they have your cards.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then slowly, sort of like goes over to the crates and starts to just wind rope around her arms and maybe pockets or belts one of the hand axes.
Phil Grayson: I need that
Phil Grayson:  We could wait a bit until at least they finish the brandy. They may be easier targets. Then
Sara/Loria (she/her): there is
Sara/Loria (she/her): they keep saying, Greg Greg Grimstone, brimstone, something that
Sara/Loria (she/her): he's he's coming
Sara/Loria (she/her): soon, but but 2 days, so
Sara/Loria (she/her): maybe they're just gonna leave us. Until then they they might not even check on us. We might have some time to to get sorted.
Dylan: It's down the other always the dark one.
Tim Sackton: There's another door there, but there's no there's no light coming from it, and there's no sound. That at least, is obvious from behind the door.
Dylan:  Think I'd like to give a
Dylan: like. Is there a handle, or is it like a push. Pull.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a handle
Dylan: just Give it a light
John L: hug.
Tim Sackton: The the room on the other side is
Tim Sackton: very dark. There's no windows. Only faint light makes it from this workshop room, which has windows.
Tim Sackton: but from your like little push. Listen, peek your head in. It seems to be empty
Tim Sackton: empty of people. Anyway, it's hard to tell in the dark what's actually in run
Dylan: zoom wanna take a peek in here before we I had to go the goblin direction.
John L: I noticed that it's darker there, so I walk over and peek in. I can
John L: see more right?
Tim Sackton:  yeah, you sort of
Tim Sackton: You know you, you
John L: you go over and look, yeah, I mean, it's dark.
Dylan: yeah.
Dylan: Like it. Any danger in there?
Dylan: I ask. The other character?
Dylan: I asked, was it Gate, Gavin?
John L: Any any dangerous thing blurking in there? There's, I think, armor. I don't think there's a person in there.
Dylan: hey, II can cast light. I'll I'll use
Dylan: like it's just my can trip there, and it's fast light into that small room, probably just as far as I can cast it to make sure it doesn't bleed into our room too much.
Tim Sackton: Yup. Okay. So with with light. Now lighting up this room, you can see that this is
Tim Sackton: It's hard to know what it was once it's been. It's certainly been cleaned out much more than this forge, which is, you know clearly a bit of a trash heap.
Tim Sackton: There's a shelf, a relatively new shelf, or at least not a running shelf on which there's, you know maybe a dozen sets of clothes neatly folded.
Tim Sackton: There is another door in this room which, based on the geometry of the building, should hook around to lead into the room with the goblins in it.
Tim Sackton: There's no other exits. There's no windows in this room.
Tim Sackton: There are several.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: suits of armor. Some of you recognize the armor that you were wearing.
Tim Sackton: There's some started leather. There's some a couple of chain shirts which I don't think any of you were. But if anybody wants to upgrade there's
Tim Sackton: some leather armor. and they're all everything in this room is sort of
Tim Sackton: strangely, neatly organized.
Dylan: like I see emotions to everyone to be like here. We should year up a bit more
Dylan: like the likes.
Tim Sackton: Clearly here, this this door is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, there's light from the other room coming under the door, so it's not very likely that
Tim Sackton: there's no windows in this room. The only way that light would get out would be through the
Tim Sackton: the door into the arty lit room, which isn't really going to be particularly noticeable.
Dylan: Okay, cool. So I was your change shit. Did you say?
Tim Sackton: There's yeah. There's change shirts. There's 3 chain shirts. There's 2 pair, 2 stirred leather. There's
2 leather armor, nothing nothing particularly fancy. Some of these seem to be from.
Tim Sackton: you know, maybe local guards, or something like that. The the
Tim Sackton: the guards who were who were guarding a merchant shipment or something, and vanished
Tim Sackton: anything that's particularly
Sara/Loria (she/her): small and short. Your started leather is here. What you are wearing?
Tim Sackton: Not no other half-life size.
Phil Grayson: III extend my arms and I go. Well, I'm studied leather on my own. But Change Shirt could be a nice upgrade if we're going to be fighting goblins.
Dylan: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: But one of those.
John L: okay, change shirt. Still light armor, right? Medium armor. Oh, I will stick. I'll put on the light armor
John L: started. Leather is the best light armor.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'll take the I'll take the studded leather that is
Dylan: somehow perfectly fit to my very odd dimension.
Sara/Loria (she/her): No fitting, no external stitching needed.
Dylan: Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): is there anything else in the room that we can see? Aside from the
Sara/Loria (she/her): oddly well organized armor? Or is it just that
Tim Sackton: close. There's like 8 sets of clothes that are in various various degrees of sort of finery and repair that are folded up on the shelf.
Tim Sackton: And then there's like a random collection of pouches, backpacks. bounce
Tim Sackton: hoods, cloaks, just kind of
Tim Sackton: hung along the walls and and piled in a corner. It it looks like a dressing room or something like that, right? It's like
Phil Grayson: like a variety of styles, and
Tim Sackton: but all sort of kept in decent shape.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And Laurie goes along and starts to sort of if she can reach it, sticking a hand into each pop like into each pouch that's hung up just to see if it like
Sara/Loria (she/her): goes a little too far.
Phil Grayson: Perfect place for a mimic. But no
Dylan: was a ritual.
Phil Grayson: there is. I don't think I can as a ritual. I'm just gonna
Phil Grayson: cast it. It's it's a ritual tag. But where is? Oh, there, there it is. Okay. Yes. Then, as a ritual. If we have the time. III say well, II can make sure that there's not anything we shouldn't
Dylan: go without here. I mean, I'll I'll grab a backpack, and as as as he's sort of doing that spell, I guess I'm one of the backpacks quietly, of course, getting things put together, for
Dylan: as if as a pack of some kind, maybe adventures pack, you know.
What does everybody? Why do you?
Tim Sackton: yeah, Lauria? And and got and do well.
Tim Sackton: This, during the 10 min of this ritual.
John L: I pick out the nicest pair of shoes there, the nicest belt and kind of
John L: just equip myself.
John L: Making any upgrades compared to what I have to be be ready for the road.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So as you finish.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And, Laura, you're you're going through pouches and feeling a little chastened because someone was like, maybe we should do a ritual first. Okay, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair. Fair. Instead, putting my hands in between all the nice like silk shirts.
Sara/Loria (she/her): always rummaging
Dylan: over his
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: As you finish your spell, you do sense
Tim Sackton: the presence of
Tim Sackton: magic.
Phil Grayson: Where at
Dylan: basic magic
Tim Sackton: you felt this. There are 2 sources of magic here got in. and one of the pieces at one of the clothes.
Phil Grayson: but you look at it where it's like
Tim Sackton: n no, no, the one of the folded pieces of like outfits on the shelf.
Tim Sackton: and when you look at it, it's
Tim Sackton:  surprisingly
Tim Sackton: like in good shape, right? This. This particular set of clothes that is magical seems to be
Tim Sackton: sort of a very archaic sort of out of style, like elegant
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: like dinner jacket and pants like for a sort of
Tim Sackton: fancy dinner that a rich gentleman might wear. But it's and it it looks like, even to your untrained author. Does anybody have history, proficiency?
Phil Grayson: Nobody has history, proficiency, no proficiency?
Dylan: Yeah, yeah, same.
Tim Sackton: it looks old to you exactly how old you don't really have any sense.
Tim Sackton: but like
Tim Sackton: incredibly good repair. despite its age.
Phil Grayson: Alright!
Phil Grayson: Do I learn this. It says, I learned the school of magic.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So it's
Tim Sackton: a I'm gonna say.
Tim Sackton: transmutation.
Phil Grayson: Okay?
Phil Grayson: well, II like this jacket. And I pick it up and say,
Phil Grayson: we've got. If we've got another 10 min of brandy drinking, I could tell you just how much I like it, but I don't want to hold things up
Phil Grayson: too much. If everyone's feeling kitted out and ready to go.
Dylan: II think.
Dylan: Dylan, the character is more.
Dylan: I'm not skittish, but more anxious to get going. I guess not. I'm not trying to like actually like Dylan. The person isn't trying to push the the party too much. But, Dylan, the characters like, Okay, cool. Let's like, let's just get going like II I'm not wanting to stick around
John L: if if we don't have to.
John L: The minute that a scale said that there was nothing on the pouches, Laurie just start shoving her hands, and all of them any of the she can reach.
Dylan: It's about a third of them that you can reach. Is there a stool you could try climbing up the shelves?
Sara/Loria (she/her):  Seems a little too risky for Lauria that might make a loud noise.
John L: Both both doors face into where the goblins are at
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: so there's 2 doors in this room one goes back to the forge where you're trapped, the other goes into the room where the goblins and the forge has a door into the goblins as well. Exactly. Also 2 windows high up.
Tim Sackton: do we? Wanna still light streaming under the the goblin room? It's and and you know. Gloria, you've caught little, you know.
Tim Sackton: Snippets of of goblin.
Tim Sackton: you know. They're arguing a bit like
Tim Sackton: you're stalling plays your bet already.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, you shut up. You've drunk too much. This barrel has to last us the week
Tim Sackton: back and forth. Occasional like shout outs to you know
Tim Sackton: they seem to be sort of angry about something like almost like this. This guard duty is punishment
Tim Sackton: that they feel is undeserved. but they're very happy to have the brandy and and the cards, and it also seems like they're playing dice and cards.
John L: Do we wanna ambush them?
John L: Come from both sides? Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): is there anyone tall enough to see through the windows
Sara/Loria (she/her): to confirm anything was there like 15 feet up? They're like 15. Okay.
Phil Grayson: someone on someone's back.
John L: Are there any mirrors? And either of the 2 rooms?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Well, I think if they're starting, can I tell?
Sara/Loria (she/her): As we've been rummaging and and looking around, can I tell of their speech is getting more slurred?
Tim Sackton: They? I mean, they were probably drinking. you know. since
Tim Sackton: lunchtime, if not sooner, and it's like 2 in the afternoon. So they've been pretty slurred the whole time. They're they're, you know, probably getting a little bit
Tim Sackton: drunker, but
Tim Sackton: they were already pretty much there. I mean, they're like sort of yelling at each other. They're clearly like
Tim Sackton: not expecting anything and
Tim Sackton: gambling the day away.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And
Sara/Loria (she/her): okay, so I think I mean, I communicate all of that to the to the team, saying, You know, this is what I think is going on and I think Gadden's right. I think we should. Maybe we should ambush
Phil Grayson: hints to maneuver. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: Any in in any of these poaches or clothing? Have there been any finesse items found daggers or
Phil Grayson: any deck space? I would say that you could. Yeah, there's a decent number of
Tim Sackton: oh knives. And
Dylan: anybody who wants a dagger can have a dagger.
Tim Sackton: a crowbar, basically a club, a dagger, or a handaxe are all readily available from the available equipment.
Dylan: No, that's actually really good. I'll
Dylan: grab a dagger as well. Gloria also grabs a dagger.
Phil Grayson: Does does finding these daggers by me those 11 min I need for the
Phil Grayson: for the jacket. Loria can be comparing daggers for days if you need some time. Oh, of course.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: so what's your plan?
Hmm.
Dylan: Another room. And then
Phil Grayson: there's 2 ways into the goblin room. There's 2 ways into the goblin room. I'm I'm I'm drawing it on roll 20 right now, and I'll I'll put you in a sec.
Phil Grayson: Not that it hasn't been described. Well, just that. I've been like reading things when the room kept getting described.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: okay, so
Dylan: plus class wise. I guess we don't know too much.
Dylan: So how would we like to split the party? I mean, that's probably
Dylan: trying not to ask too many very obvious questions about how
Sara/Loria (she/her): well, right now, Laurie has got an axe hanging off of her bells.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 2 daggers, and is starting to coil some rope around her arm as we're getting ourselves set up so.
Dylan: and I've made the Dylan has made the assumption that base scale is also
Dylan: a tinker of some sort. So a
Phil Grayson: that's the correct assumption. Yes, yes, no, but like a gambler.
Dylan: But I guess I haven't got a good idea on
John L: get and
Dylan: just so you guys know the layout. If you hop into Role 20.
Dylan: The room that's highlighted in green is the goblin room.
Tim Sackton: the the little black thing in the corner is the prison. The grey box is the anvil, and then the red things are doors.
Phil Grayson: Sorry we're we're we're in the the smaller the 2 rooms right now, right now you're at a smaller room. Yeah, okay, perfect.
John L: Gaiden
John L: communicates that he works better from a distance.
Phil Grayson:  II would too.
Dylan: probably only be upfront. Excellent! Gloria is. Also. She looks up
Sara/Loria (she/her): at everybody up there on go, and like kind of twirls a dagger on as you go as well.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Guess it's just us. and then stomps off to the door.
John L: Not picky, about which
Phil Grayson:  we're all ranged characters. Excellent, wonderful!
Dylan: I guess I'll just say like, alright. Dan, be with me. The other 2 go to the other door. and
Dylan: I don't know. As soon as someone opens one door just open the other. I don't know if we have like a
Sara/Loria (she/her): sounds to telepathically speak with people that are within 120 feet of me.
Phil Grayson: So I can give us like a little signal
Dylan: done.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
Dylan: Mike, let's go.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you should be able to move your characters.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay? So Laura starts stamping out to the other door.
Tim Sackton: I cannot move mine. Yeah, I can't either. Oh, let me make sure
Sara/Loria (she/her): sometimes to in role 20, the the mouse cursor versus the panning hand, the mouse cursor will let you move. Things in the hand won't.
Tim Sackton: No, some of them are. Some of these tokens aren't aren't set up quite right. So
Tim Sackton: let's see, that's Dylan.
Tim Sackton: That's kind of
Tim Sackton: okay. Can you? Can you move them now?
Dylan: Yes, I can move by.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Can you move, Gavin
Dylan: patiently. Wait for glorious telepathic signal which I'm totally not gonna question that she can do that. I'm just gonna be like whatever you would be aware that Halfling usually talk the halfling
Tim Sackton: like one of the species abilities of halflings is silent speech. And so halflings almost never actually, when a bunch of hoplings are together unless they're singing or being public. They just sit there and they don't
Dylan: speak out loud. So you'd be aware of this
Sara/Loria (she/her): photo confidence. Okay. I look back at ace scaling. I go.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I've got like a dagger in one hand and a like a lock pick in the other, ready to go.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Actually, before we charge through. Can I ask, can I ask a scale to
Sara/Loria (she/her): like test the lock on the door? Is there a lock on the door.
Phil Grayson:  not a lot of mate behind Lauria.
Phil Grayson: She's not. Gonna I can. I can check the door.
John L: Oh, yeah, we should do.
Tim Sackton: That's happened now. The door does not open. It seems like it's bar this door, at least. Seems like it's barred from the other side.
Dylan: Wait which one directly to the port. This one right here.
Dylan: The 3, 2, one go would have been very awkward.
Phil Grayson: We need to run around for a minute, Dylan. II
Phil Grayson: I'm back over and I'm like, door is barred from the other side. It seems
Sara/Loria (she/her): sounds like we're all pushing. Not great idea this time.
Dylan: What what if you knock
Dylan: on that closed bard door. and then we can charge through this
John L: I can mage, can I mage hand and then knock at the other door and distract them as they all walk towards the lock door, and then we storm in through the other door.
Tim Sackton: You need a line of sight to where you're sending mage hand, but you can certainly knock on the inside of the door.
Tim Sackton: But he said, I just can't lit
Tim Sackton: if you're standing. Yeah, if you're standing like right here so you can see it. You just need a line of sight. Okay, so if I move over here.
John L: I can.
John L: Okay. So I cast Mage hand
John L: and knock on the lock door.
Dylan: Okay, yeah, let's go. Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: The other door was unlocked.
Dylan: Nope, okay, cool.
Dylan: You knock, and for a minute you hear like
Tim Sackton: like the sound of the game stops, and you know the sort of angry, bossy one or the
Tim Sackton: bossy one yells. What was that.
Tim Sackton: Did you lock them up? Yeah, I locked him up. Are you doubting me?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, of course I'm doubting you. I just heard a knock go investigate
Dylan: as soon as soon as I hear. Like them unlocking the door and opening that second door. I wanna like apparently not test this door, but open it, anyway.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: As soon as you, as soon as you you hear, I mean you hear one of them get off and begin to walk over the game stops for a minute. You go to slam the door open. Let's roll initiative. I'm gonna give you all advantage on initiative.
Tim Sackton:  given your prep
Tim Sackton: and Kaiden, I think your
Tim Sackton: your alert feat, which gives you plus
Tim Sackton: to do initiative isn't working. So add 2 to your role.
Dylan: I'm just gonna roll even with initiatives.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, shoot! I didn't roll the advantage. Sorry I just roll again. Oh, my God! Even with the advantage! What is this? Is? This is bad, guys. This is getting them out now.
Dylan: Oh, no. 3. You are not prepared for this ambush.
Dylan: Yeah. And then just stays in the other room.
Phil Grayson: Hey?
John L: 5.
Phil Grayson: I'm the winner who said 10. I got 10 scales off the off the start. Here, Dylan, where did you get?
Dylan: Oh, my God! We have advantage. Gotten
John L: 5.
John L: Wait, don't worry. Yeah, I'm a Florian.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, sorry, Lori. I got 9
Tim Sackton: with advantage.
Phil Grayson: Amazing. Now remember, the goblins have been drinking for at least an hour, which I have as well as a person. And I can tell you, first, Goblin rolled a 19 and a 20.
Phil Grayson: They're gonna check that door quick. That's for sure.
Dylan: Someone had to die
Dylan: first. Comment?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: the other 2 weren't so great. Okay, let me sort this.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, so
Dylan: here
Tim Sackton:  Gaden, you see.
Tim Sackton: This goblin warrior
Tim Sackton:  Stepping forward like
Tim Sackton: pushing through the door and like
Tim Sackton: looking around, clearly drunk and confused.
Tim Sackton: looking at the prison and then shouting.
Tim Sackton: Hey! They're all gone
Tim Sackton: just as and then
Tim Sackton: sorry. Wait. Then, seeing I'm turning to you.
Tim Sackton:  drawing his
short sword
Tim Sackton:  And then
Tim Sackton: charging. I'm taking a wild swing at you.
Dylan: Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: which is a
Dylan: 17 to hit
Tim Sackton: which is gonna do
Tim Sackton: 5 points of Pearson damage. And then he yells. I got one as a scale burst through the door.
Tim Sackton: So as you burst through the door, you see on the other side of this door, 2 goblins.
Tim Sackton:  They've clearly been drinking. There's a barrel at the at the end of the room. Label the house, Cafford, old Cafford! Thunder!
Tim Sackton: It's like a small barrel of brandy or something like this, and they've clearly all been drinking from it.
Tim Sackton:  Leaning up against the
Tim Sackton: up against the far wall, you see a bunch of weapons, you see?
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: 40 arrows, a couple of crossbows, and some crossbow balls, a couple of spears, a so a long sword.
Tim Sackton:  One of the goblins has what looks like a nicely made halfling short sword. the other goblin has was like drawing a handful of daggers stumbling around as you rush through the door. I'm in the center of the room. They're sitting around like playing cards and dice. There's 3 dice that are
Tim Sackton:  that are glow, bright green, glowing bright green.
Tim Sackton: You also recognize your playing cards.
Tim Sackton: and there's a small part of money, mostly copper coins. As well as a as a ring that's glowing, that has like a a
Tim Sackton:  small sort of not very valuable gemstone in the center, but that seems to be glowing a faint blue. And wh the whiny boss goblin is like fiddling with this ring, but looks up as you
Tim Sackton: as you charge through.
Phil Grayson: Did did you mention some rotten food off the top?
Tim Sackton: There's not rotten food that you can visibly see in this room? They were joking that they could have kept that
Tim Sackton: playing alive for weeks with rotten food.
Phil Grayson: One of my spells needs a bit of rotten food as a material. What was the that's the thing you have. You have your tinker tools now, so you don't need that. And where's the table compared to the 2 of them? Is it sort of in between them. They're sitting around on the ground. This is all just piled on the ground. They're sitting on pillows on the ground.
Phil Grayson: okay, if I move here
Phil Grayson: and I shoot a line of caustic acid across the room with both of them. Can I not hit my playing cards? Yeah, there, the playing cards on the ground. The goblins have stint stood up. Just aim chest high. Yeah. So I will.
Phil Grayson: Let's see here.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'll do a little something like that with Tasha's caustic crew.
Tim Sackton: That's a deck, save
Phil Grayson: it is a deck, save and did it pop up in the chat right at that or no. No.
Phil Grayson: Dex. 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, this this one in front who's like the whiny boss lady
Tim Sackton:  she rolls in 11. So I assume that fails. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton:  The other one who's like the the angry, sneaky guy rolls a 5. So I assume that fails as well. Yes.
Phil Grayson: so they are covered in acid for the spells duration, or until they use an action to scrape or wash it off.
Phil Grayson: and they will take the 2D. 4. I just rolled at the start of each of their turns, which was 7
Phil Grayson: and with that
Phil Grayson: I will
Phil Grayson: attempt to run back into the room.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Is it? Yes.
Tim Sackton:  This angry
Tim Sackton: boss lady is gonna swing at you with Lauria's.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. He's a reaction to making opportunity tack with Loria's sword slightly, drunkenly. Does she have a reaction? If she hasn't gone yet?
Phil Grayson: They're not surprised. You just got a bit.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're they're guarding prisoners. They were slow to the uptake. But we're, you know, prepared for combat. That is a 15 to hit hits.
Tim Sackton: That's 5 points of
Phil Grayson: piercing damage. Alright, I will take my con, save for the spell
Phil Grayson: that's a win. Alright, we're good. Okay, Laura. Yeah, you're up 5 points of damage.
Phil Grayson: 5 points of damage. Dylan's next. All right. I'm back through the door.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, loria, seeing her beautiful sword be swung at one of her new companions.
Sara/Loria (she/her): is furious and runs between Dylan's legs
John L: to get into the room.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It was this one that has my sword, that one's the one that's got your sword Yup, and then, tries to attack with my daggers.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): this is the first time I'm dualing. So do I roll for each dagger separately. Yeah, it's bonus action to use to make the second attack. Okay, so I'll do my first one.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes, I don't know if that's come through yet. I got an app. 200, nice. So double nice.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 99. So 2D 4 plus 7.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. So td, yeah. Twod 4 plus Gloria is very angry.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So that was
7.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I don't know how long the roles are taking to show up, so I can just not say them out loud. But
Sara/Loria (she/her): is that and then so
Sara/Loria (she/her): with my small, tiny dagger, is just kind of start going at the kneecaps of the one that's hoping that it will release my my story like, oh, yeah, and then
Sara/Loria (she/her): With my bonus. I take a swipe at the other kneecap with the second dagger.
Sara/Loria (she/her): which is another Nat. 20
Tim Sackton: nice lori at this like crazy halfling, is just like Caesar sword, and just charges in at this goblin. How much damages that second one like
Tim Sackton: 8 is! What this this goblin now looks looks fairly wounded, and
Tim Sackton: clearly is like, was not prepared for this, just like looking down at this like rampaging happening at her knees, like
Tim Sackton: just confused, like she's pretty drunk.
Tim Sackton: and that brings up Dylan.
Dylan: Was there a shield in this room? I mean, there's not gonna be time enough to grab. This goblin boss is using a shield, and this goblin warrior is using a shield. But there are not shields just sitting around cool. I'll just do a shocking grasp on the one that Laurie, just.
John L: I just realized we all dix fighters as well, which is just the worst.
Dylan: Oh, that's okay. No, this is really funny.
Dylan: It's not my. It was not my day with these, with these roles.
Dylan: Last time it took forever was in that 20. So she dodges out of the way. Yeah, yeah.
Phil Grayson: For me. It's only that are going really slow. I think everybody else's are yeah, pretty quick.
Dylan: It's weird. I don't know why mine's just so slow.
Dylan: The reason for it. But yeah, so like, that's all I was planning on doing that ends your turn. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: this this little sneaky gobbling here
Tim Sackton: covered an asset, looking around sort of confusingly, is that at the beginning of their term that they they take the damage.
Phil Grayson: the
Tim Sackton: at the start of each of its terms. 2D. 4. Yeah. Okay. So it so that 7 damage it takes now at the beginning of its turn. Yeah, and I don't know if you, if you want me to roll for each one, each turn, or if you just want to do 7 each time, whatever. I'll just do. 7 each time. That's no roll extra dice.
Tim Sackton: it is going to
Tim Sackton:  like. Look around, curse.
and
Tim Sackton: just immediately
Tim Sackton: drop
Tim Sackton: a circle of darkness.
Dylan: Rude
John L: covers
Tim Sackton: Dylan itself and the boss.
Tim Sackton: and that is gonna vanish into the mists.
Tim Sackton: Drunken money
Tim Sackton: relatively, poorly.
Tim Sackton:  And that's gonna end its turn.
Tim Sackton: And this angry lady one is going to yell
Tim Sackton: shit murky! I wasn't ready for that.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: going to step
Tim Sackton: oops. I need it.
Tim Sackton: Too bad.
Tim Sackton: Step out of the darkness here.
Tim Sackton: still covered in acid, takes the burning acid damage, looks confused like she's not sure how to deal with it.
Tim Sackton: And then, you know, fine! If you're gonna do that attack.
Tim Sackton: And suddenly. out of nowhere. a blade flashes a scimitar flying drunkenly past Dylan's head. That's an 11 to hit, which I assume misses.
Dylan: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then she's going to turn around and swing at this angry halfling
John L: with disadvantage. So that's gonna be an 11. Also, I assume.
Tim Sackton: And that will end her turn.
Tim Sackton: She's gonna step back into the darkness and nobody can see her.
John L: Can dark vision see into that darkness? So I'm not a disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: it's just this 10 foot circle.
John L: Got it.
John L: This Eldridge blast be a disadvantage if the person's in melee range.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
John L: okay. So right. And if we shoot it in the dark, is it disadvantage? Or we can't attack at all?
Tim Sackton: neither of them are hidden. So you know where they are. It's just that it's just a disadvantage.
John L: Okay, so I attempt to disengage
John L: going to run
John L: this way.
John L: Kind of get in range here at the door.
John L: Okay.
John L: don't I get an opportunity? Doesn't the dog? Oh, yeah. So II thought so. Disengage would be. If you want to
Tim Sackton: letting it take a swing at you, you can either use your action to disengage, so it doesn't get an opportunity attack, but then you can't do anything.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: With disadvantage that's
Tim Sackton: 17,
Tim Sackton: so that's a 4 points of piercing damage
John L: not having a good day.
John L:  okay, I'll do. Outrage. Blast at the
John L: angry one that's been stabbed at by the halfway.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that's with disadvantage, because it's
John L: so. I roll twice, then roll twice and take the lower. Okay for hit. DC,
John L: 20.
John L: And the second one oh. 25. Got a d. 20
Tim Sackton: that hits 20 hits.
John L:  7 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this goblins looking well, not looking anything. It's in giant darkness
Tim Sackton: that ends your turn.
John L: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The warrior is gonna run through this door and take a swing at. hey? Scal
Tim Sackton: with disadvantage. That's a 16.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that is another 4 points of piercing damage
Phil Grayson: there.
Tim Sackton: Another concheck.
Phil Grayson: Yes, and you're up next
Phil Grayson: alright. You still good!
Phil Grayson: It's funny.
Phil Grayson: is right up against me.
Phil Grayson: I know I will.
Phil Grayson: I will attempt to
Phil Grayson: do some dagger work on this guy.
Phil Grayson: That one won't do it. Nope.
Phil Grayson: off! I think my guy has 2 weapon fighting, but I'm not sure from what
Tim Sackton: I mean. Anybody
Tim Sackton: can 2 weapons fight if they want to
Tim Sackton:  But you need 2 daggers.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I grab 2. If there were 2,
Tim Sackton: I'll say there were 2. Hooray! I will! You don't get to add your ability score to your second
Tim Sackton: attack.
Phil Grayson: Okay, it is.
Phil Grayson: I mean, you can add it to head, but not to damage, not to damage. Right? Yeah.
Phil Grayson: alright. So then I will hit. But it'll just be a hit
Phil Grayson: that's coming up just in real 20 4.
Tim Sackton: Nice!
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: oh, actually
Tim Sackton: sorry about that. I forgot when the goblin, when you swing and missed the first time this sneaky goblin ducks under your blow
John L: and then runs 15 feet back.
Phil Grayson: Okay
well, that
Phil Grayson: does it. Provoke doesn't provoke opportunity. Taxi is too crafty.
Phil Grayson: Okay? Then I will have thrown my dagger at him. Yeah, that's that's now. I only have one dagger
John L: ideal for damage.
Tim Sackton: Laurie is up.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  If the
Sara/Loria (she/her): the goblin that I'm mad at, if it's within that 5 feet of me, even though it's in the dark. Can I still see it or no?
Tim Sackton: You can't see it, but you know where it is. It's not hidden from me. Just means you have disadvantage on your attacks.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay,
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm gonna keep.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm going to keep attacking the one that I'm mad at
with both of my daggers. But I'll do one
Sara/Loria (she/her): and
Sara/Loria (she/her): sorry 7,
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then I'll roll with disadvantage for my bonus action.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Well, the role Lane.
Tim Sackton: that it's
Sara/Loria (she/her): okay
Tim Sackton:  points of damage. You hear us a scream and a yell and pain as your dire connects in the darkness.
Tim Sackton: and then A a yelp! Get out of here.
Tim Sackton: Dylan, you're up
Dylan: good. I mean, I'm
Dylan:  Yeah, I guess I am. Just gonna continue with that
Dylan: shocking grasp. But I guess since they're both in darkness. They'll be with this advantage, like you said.
Dylan: So I'll roll twice with shocking grasp. Then see if this is gonna be
little quick. Yeah.
Dylan: it is struggling
Tim Sackton: can also just roll in. Roll 20.
Dylan: Yeah, I might. I'll see which what
Dylan: we'll see if this is a really good role first, and then we can. Well, I had to roll twice. Okay, so
Dylan: so, Roland R. Plus your modifier
Phil Grayson: where you can use the little dye in the pointer. There's also a little dice in the corner. If you want to just roll a
Tim Sackton: d. 20 plus 4, I think is what you got.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, you can hit advance roll.
Dylan: Oh, hey! You had 18 or 19 so 18. There we go. Sorry. Which one were you targeting the angry lady or the the sneaky shadow, guy the one that had
Dylan: I think I'm still targeting the one because the one that I tried to attack last time
Dylan: like she hasn't really.
Dylan: She doesn't move this one. The angry lady, this one right here. Yeah. So I have a better idea on that one, I know. Like logically, I should go for the other one. But
Dylan: that's not happening.
Dylan: Wow! 3
Dylan: 3 damage! But but it is with shocking grass, which, if I'm
Dylan: now, they may at
Dylan: well doesn't matter on the hit. They take on D 8 lightning, and they can't take reactions until the start of the next 10.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But it's not gonna matter, because as you reach out with your lightning hand and grab onto this goblin woman, this burst of lightning runs down Gloria's short sword in her hand fries, and she you hear a thud as she keels over
Dylan: in the darkness. Assassin
Dylan: now screams as the
Tim Sackton: as the acid burns him.
Tim Sackton: and yow's
Tim Sackton:  Get out of here, somebody warned.
Tim Sackton: spoken. Prisoners are on the loose. and you see him emerging from the darkness.
Tim Sackton: And I should put a door here. So there's a door.
Tim Sackton: If he moves that, arrange, we get an opportunity attack you don't, because you can, only you can only get an opportunity against creatures, Steve.
Tim Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Laurie, I guess
Dylan: rude.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and that would just be with one dagger. Right? Yeah, just one dagger. but not a disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, except sneaky goblin that he is.
Tim Sackton: does not provoke opportunity attacks. So 1, 2, 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: 5,
Tim Sackton: deck he runs. The bear
Tim Sackton: meanwhile got in.
Tim Sackton: You've still got this goblin warrior here. and it's your turn, and he's now looking for an exit.
Tim Sackton: but have to run past one and one somebody in order to
John L:  So I
John L: I'll cast, Major. Can I walk the door? That what he unlocked to get in there? So he has to leave in one door
John L: this door here. You could put the bar back on this door. so I will
John L: use my turn to bar the door.
John L: So I got you
Phil Grayson: and Tim quick question on the darkness. Did he fail? A con, save at any point from the asset?
Tim Sackton: It's not a
John L: doesn't require concentration man. He is a sneaky goblin. Yeah, actually, can I see the goblin? If I when I move up here, can I see him? You can see him out instead of locking the door. I Will Eldridge blast him as he runs away.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
John L: so a crackling of energy
John L: that hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. As this goblin is fleeing, this blast of energy hits him in the back, and he stumbles and falls.
Tim Sackton: Goblin warrior
John L: cool, trying to decide where to go. He's gonna dash 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, not provoking opportunity tax, because it's sneaky. Goblin, hey? Scary! You're up
Phil Grayson: okay.
Phil Grayson: 1, 2, 3,
Phil Grayson: or
Phil Grayson: then I will try to do
Phil Grayson: an acid splash on him. It's got 60 feet range. It's a Dex. 13.
Tim Sackton: That is a
Tim Sackton: that's these ducks
Tim Sackton: that is a 12.
Phil Grayson: Then he will take
Phil Grayson: 2 acid damage. Take that couple standing, Maria. You're up.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  okay. I have a question about my snare spell because I couldn't see a range on it. Do I have to? Oh, it's range area patch, Nevermind.
Tim Sackton: It's also it's more of a trap, right? It's a minute casting time.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, that's true. Okay, is the darkness still there, or is the darkness gone?
Tim Sackton: Oh, the darkness is gone when the when the
Tim Sackton: Dobbin assassin died.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay,
Sara/Loria (she/her): thank you?
Sara/Loria (she/her): 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah, because these are, these are 5 foot squares. Right? Okay, cool. So I run after the goblin
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then
Sara/Loria (she/her): going to. I'm going to try with my daggers again to get it behind the knees this time instead of in front of it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, as you run up, you see, this goblin is carrying your other short sword
Dylan: extra rude
Sara/Loria (she/her): and
Sara/Loria (she/her): extra mad, Laura, but like a little bit tired this time. So 18 still 18 still hits.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So that's oh, only one
Sara/Loria (she/her): for that one, and then I'll take my bonus with the second.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, but that's for total damage. Oh, yeah, sorry you're swing at its legs, and this cobblin stumbles forward, and you look down.
Tim Sackton: grab your short sword victoriously from its dead hands.
John L: Oof!
John L: That was a little close.
Phil Grayson: I'm blown away by how well we work together, actually
Dylan: worked out and worked out.
Phil Grayson: I like doors were all unlocked, and nothing bad happened
Dylan: would have been great if you had tried to run through the bark door. It was so close to him that was very close. Yes.
Sara/Loria (she/her): it's only because Acekale said that he had a lock pick in his hand. I was like that feels like something we should maybe think about.
Tim Sackton: So, as the 3 goblins are now dead, you can see, glancing around before you like, search the room and recover your equipment and things. That you seem to be
Tim Sackton: on the edge of a large.
Tim Sackton: abandoned, overrun estate of some merchant, prince or rich family, but clearly one that hasn't been inhabited for a long time. You can see in the distance, maybe half a mile away.
Tim Sackton: Oh, here, let's switch to our
Tim Sackton: in the distance, maybe half a mile away, what looks like a ruined palace
Tim Sackton:  close by, near where you are.
Tim Sackton:  you can see
Tim Sackton: Just sort of to the south of you. There's, you know, maybe a hundred feet away. There's
Tim Sackton: what looks like a barracks, although you are a
Tim Sackton: quarters of somebody servants, quarters something like that. All you can't see the door, or most of the building, because it's like around the corner from a hedge in a little ball. Almost everything seems to be ruined straight ahead, directly out from you. There's what looks like it were once formal gardens, but now our
Tim Sackton: just overrun hedges there's like you can see in the distance again. This is like maybe
Tim Sackton: a third of a mile away, like part of the distance to the Manor, you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: like some statues scattered around and you know what used to be like fancy long paths running to a central fountain, and things like that. But it's been years since anybody's tended this.
Tim Sackton: There's a low wall that blocks part of the manor which you can't see beyond, and then, far in the distance, beyond the manner you can see. So this is like set up in the hills.
Tim Sackton: And there's a road that leads down to a valley.
Tim Sackton: and you can see the valley off in the distance. This is like the river valley where where many of you were captured. But at the moment
Tim Sackton: a. This is all like sort of looking
Tim Sackton: third of a mile, half mile off. The closest things are. Are this barracks building, this this quarters, whatever it is, and
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton: the room that the goblins are gambling, in
Phil Grayson: which micro that they went out is it? Is it outside?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's where you're standing now is outside. It's like mid-afternoon, maybe 2 or 3.
Phil Grayson: Well, we're busy.
Dylan: Is anyone feeling real damaged?
John L: I could use
John L: a little bit. Somebody has some healing.
Phil Grayson: I'm half dead.
John L: as far as you're aware, based on the
Tim Sackton: what you overheard from the goblins. It does not seem like anybody's gonna
Tim Sackton: check on you in this building till, like I don't know. Maybe they bring them food at dinnertime or something, but got at least 4 h.
Tim Sackton: which is plenty of time for a short rest. But long rest might be rather risky.
Dylan: but I have cure wounds for pain. So like if we I wanted to heal yet. But if we're feeling like gonna quick race to burn through.
Phil Grayson: yeah, that works for me
John L: short rest and then
Dylan: gap it. I guess
John L: I I go off into the back room where the blacksmith thing is to kind of hang out by myself during the short rest.
Tim Sackton: Pull away from other folks. Okay, before you short rest. I assume you want to search the room and see what you find. Yes, and the corpses as well, I suppose.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So so in this room you find a number of things that were once yours. Lauria gets her 2 short swords back.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: spears and 2 spears. There's a scimitar, there's a short bow. There's 2 light crossbows. there's arrows and crossbow bolts.
Tim Sackton: There is 2 shields, one from the warrior, one from the angry boss.
Tim Sackton: the angry lady. so any of those weapons that anybody wants you're welcome to take.
Tim Sackton: There are also 27 copper coins on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Just the thing. But welcome to count them a day set
Tim Sackton: that's carved from some
Tim Sackton: bright, glowing green teeth. Dylan, you recognize these is the teeth of a of a deep sea fish.
Tim Sackton:  there are a scales playing cards.
Tim Sackton: and there is a ring.
Tim Sackton: a sort of silver ring that has a weathered pearl that was glowing faintly, but now seems to have stopped glowing.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Does Lori recognize that as her ring or no?
John L: That is not your ring. You recognize this. That's my ring. So II look at her, and then I grab the ring.
Tim Sackton: and there's also about 2 thirds of a cask of
Tim Sackton: some sort of
Tim Sackton: cheap apple brandy. Is there any salt on the table?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes, there are. There is. There are actually like they've clearly been pulling through like rations of
Tim Sackton: of people they've captured.
Tim Sackton: There's like a random mishmash of food. There's. you know, some like
Tim Sackton: fairly mundane
Tim Sackton: trail food like hard tech and things like that, but there's also much nicer salted fish. There's a little. There's a small little like spice kit with salt, and like a very small quantity of very precious pressure pepper that probably came from the
Tim Sackton: merchant who had the ledger book, who seemed. maybe, who wore the fancy clothes, too.
Tim Sackton:  and but you know, most of this is not
Tim Sackton: what you would necessarily call edible right? It's been picked over pretty
Tim Sackton: intently by the by the goblins, and there is a barrel.
Tim Sackton:  That's like partially full of bits of
Tim Sackton: discarded food that seems to be the rotting meat and stale bread that they were planning on feeding their prisoners.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and there are we hungry?
Dylan: Are we? Are we in need of of food right now for the shortest, or
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: you haven't eaten since last night, presumably most of you. You could certainly scrounge up enough
Tim Sackton: edible food to make a a nourishing, if not particularly tasty, lunch from the untouched rations here.
Phil Grayson: Would we forever pass on salted fish?
Dylan: Would we like? More than that cause I got? I have purify, drink prepared. If we feel like
Tim Sackton: you can make the you can make up with that. You could make a pretty nice
Tim Sackton: meal, actually, like a lot of the discarded food is easy to recover if you purify it. I have made a banquet, and you also find the smooth
Tim Sackton: twisted piece of
Tim Sackton: branch of a strange looking treat like small branch like
Tim Sackton: less than a foot long, thin branch of a strange looking tree that goddamn picks up.
Tim Sackton: You recognize this as your arcane focus.
Tim Sackton: So feel free to add all this stuff to your
Tim Sackton: character sheets as you take a short rest.
Tim Sackton: I think this is also a having defeated your first goblins
Tim Sackton: a good time to level up during your short run. Take a short break, maybe a maybe a 5
Tim Sackton: minute. Break
Tim Sackton: if anybody needs to run to the restroom or something. We'll come back in 5 min or say 10 min, so you have time to level up, and then we'll go for like maybe an hour and a half ish
John L: from there. Perfect
Sara/Loria (she/her): Tim, before we break you. Do you say? There was a long?
Tim Sackton: There was a short dial.
John L: Was there a short sword?
Tim Sackton: There's an ex there's there's Laurie as 2 short swords, and then there is an extra short. There's a Yeah, there's an extra short sword that the assassin was using, that I'll take not quite as nice. I'll take the not quite as nice one.
Tim Sackton: I'll take a shield. If
Phil Grayson: if anyone, unless there are 2 people that need him.
Phil Grayson: there's 2 shields. But I think there's only 2 of you who would use Shields anyway, so I'll grab a shell
Tim Sackton: so, as you level up
Tim Sackton: feel free to as part of leveling up, prepare the extra spell that you would get to prepare as an artificer. You don't regain your spent spell slots or your
Tim Sackton: whatever hit points you didn't recover from your
John L: from your hit. Dice warlocks are gaining short rest, though. Right warlocks regain all their spells in the short rest. Yes.
Dylan: now we're
John L: yeah.
Dylan: I guess we can't do anything infusions and stuff, either.
Dylan: so you could probably do some infusion, I mean, oh, wait! You need a long rest for infusion. Yeah, that's okay.
Tim Sackton: So I'll let you do. I'll let you pick one and one thing to infuse as part of your
Tim Sackton: as part of your short rest. Level up?
Tim Sackton:  just a burst of
Tim Sackton: artificer adrenaline.
Dylan: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: Did you hit the the level up in the builder, or is there a button for it? It's in the builder. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: And then 2 boring material questions. Tim on the identify. You said, just because it's only it's under a hundred, just yeah.
Tim Sackton: don't count that as a you don't need it. But it's just a, it's just a non costly material component. So you can use your your tickers, tools, or these tools, or whatever.
Phil Grayson: Okay? And then for my homunculus infusion, I need a
Phil Grayson: need, a heart for it that has a cost.
Phil Grayson: Is that one I wouldn't be able to do at this point.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: if you can creatively describe how you would construct a heart from the materials in the forge. I'll let you have it.
Phil Grayson: Let me. I'll I'll think about it. Okay.
Dylan: was it Marshall weapons available in the
Dylan: Dublin area? There was a long sword, and there were 2 spears.
Dylan: Think he was a long story.
Dylan: I will pick up sort, and I will infuse it, cause I think. Dnd, D beyond. Yeah, you should be able to. Okay, cause that'll that'll make the sword function the way it's supposed to would use your intelligence and everything. And, John, you can. You can pick an extra second level spell.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I leveled up on Dnd beyond. But I'm gonna go grab a snack and go to the washroom
Dylan: for touch. Based spells. You can't like. Touch yourself right? It has to be somebody else. No, you can touch yourself. Okay?
John L: And how's packed weapon work in Dnd beyond, like, how do I? Somehow
Tim Sackton: I my recommendation, I mean. So you're not particularly built to be a melee character. Packed weapons are really the pact of the blade is really optimized for
Tim Sackton: being May Li.
Tim Sackton: It's not gonna do you much. It's not gonna really do anything for you if you're intending to stay back and cast
John L: but just to, I'll make sure. At least I understand that. But it does use charisma as the attack. Right?
Tim Sackton: That's only if you're a hex blade.
John L: Oh, this is a stupid D in the Boughtersgate homebrew thing getting me
Tim Sackton: the. So you
Tim Sackton: there is like a play test version of the warlock that is more like the baller gate. One
Tim Sackton: I'm not as like if that's if you really want to be, may Li, that's fine. I would just be
Tim Sackton: given how your character is built. I'm not sure
Tim Sackton: you would survive very long in May, cause you don't have a great I mean everything else. Everything else you have is optimized around standing back and
John L: lasting. So okay, that's what I'll do. Like, I'm not like set on it or anything like that. Just
John L: it's my first bellcaster I played. So I'm still.
Tim Sackton: So like packed to the tome is pretty good for just giving you some extra spells to use.
John L: That's what I'll do. Okay. I'm gonna take a break real quick. I'll be back.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'll be back in a minute, too.
Dylan: It's
Dylan: find the way to put an infusion on something on Dd. Beyond hasn't been through a few things. Yeah,
Phil Grayson: once, once you finish you got it. Have you got it in your builder? Have you put the infusion as one, you know.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I went to the builder, and I have infusion choices, and I have the one set by then back on the character sheet. You go to inventory and scroll down to the bottom
Dylan: and let me go to the afternoon.
Dylan: since. I think the other thing is with Battle Smith, you become proficient with Marshall weapons as well.
Dylan: And I don't think that's also because
Dylan: that quite maybe it has fitted through. And I just not
Dylan: that already gained proficiency with Marshall witness.
Dylan: And when you attack with a magic weapon which is now. that's
Dylan: yeah. So okay, let's go see? Go to that. Go to
Dylan: inventory. You see it? Okay?
Dylan: No item, infuse, click it
Phil Grayson: and then create infusion
Dylan: enhanced with it and click that create infusion.
Dylan: Item to be infused. Right? Then you choose the one you want. Choose that create fusion.
Dylan: Now the long sword has that
Dylan: for
Dylan: how? There we go. Now we're talking. Now we're cooking. Yup. That makes way more seats. Thank you.
Phil Grayson: No problem.
Dylan: That's a plus 6 to hit with it. Which is
Dylan: right. That's
Dylan: I'm supposed to be upfront fighting. So I want to make sure I get hit.
Phil Grayson: All right, Tim. The the heart for the homunculus has to be a gem or crystal worth at least 100 gp, so I think that's not likely to be found in the in the smithery.
Phil Grayson: I think you're muted
Tim Sackton: convince goddamn to give you his ring which might work with the pearl with the pearl.
Tim Sackton: So I would pick a different infusion. There will be other
Phil Grayson: yeah, for sure. Places define treasure.
Phil Grayson: for sure
Phil Grayson: do. Does it look like, from what we've seen of the outside that we will be  deep in a dungeon this entire
Phil Grayson: mission I had goggles of the night initially, because I thought we were maybe gonna be in a in like a cave in the.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say, I think, glancing around. So the manner
Tim Sackton: the manor in the distance might have a cellar.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, but
Tim Sackton: it's not a cave. I mean, it could have anything under it. For all. You know. The the barracks close by have high windows, just like the workshop you you likely encounter a fair bit of dim light, but total darkness doesn't look super likely, maybe not so much. Okay.
Phil Grayson: thank you.
Dylan: That's good. Good.
Dylan: good spells right
Dylan: now we're talking.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey, Phil, if you want, instead of a
Tim Sackton: infusion. You could take an experimental elixir.
Phil Grayson: No, I think I'll still do an infusion. But thank you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton:  you can. If you want, create an Alexa, with a expanding, a first level spell slot without needing a rest.
Tim Sackton: So that's also an option.
Tim Sackton: and then you can choose what it is instead of rolling.
Phil Grayson: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: Sarah, you still need to pick one more, so pick a spell.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, you did. Sorry I missed a spell. I'll pick it right now, my bad.
Tim Sackton: no worries.
Tim Sackton: The bow is taken, but there's crossbows left. Is that right, Yup? The short bows taken? But there were 2 crossbows and 40 bolts so you can each have 20 bolts.
Tim Sackton: although honestly like, I don't usually track ammunition, so
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't worry about the number of bolts hand crossbow or light crossbow.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Sorry, Tim. I got with the leveling up and taking my storm keeper.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I have 2 new spells and a new tantrum, basically. And I need one more. You pick one more spell. Yeah. If you click on, manage spells it'll show under. Add spells. It'll show that you've only got 2 of your 3 known spells.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, yeah, I see it now.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: so you can pick zephyr. Strike is a pretty fun. One actually would be fun.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But there's also fairy fire, which seems deep. I think
Sara/Loria (she/her): somebody else took 5 swarm keeper. Magic. Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay, sorry.
Dylan: And I've got ferry fire as well cause it's fairy fire is a great spell.
Dylan: You've also got to decide what your swarm is. As you rest. Something comes and starts.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I took a screenshot of all my things that I can swarm with, and I'm very excited.
Dylan: Well, I'll let everybody sort of describe how their character emerges from this rest, since there might be a little few changes. I'm gonna replace one of my cantrips, because when I gain a level you can replace with another one. And I, realizing that my steel defender is
Dylan: it's great to have the mending can trip. Yes, I didn't realize that. So I'm gonna add another spell, and I'll swap out the can trip. I can. I can mend if you. If you need a mender
Tim Sackton: you can. You can mend my dog, so you can also describe how you, with the forge and Smith tools, emerge from this rest with a
Tim Sackton: Yale defender.
Dylan: I can. I'll wait, please. Everyone back here. So
Sara/Loria (she/her): yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): sorry.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And for this swarm do you want me to roll, or can I pick? No, no pick? Pick?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
sweet.
Dylan: So, Phil, you've got mending. Then I've got mending. Yeah, alright, I won't. I won't swap that one out. I can, just if I'm not mistaken, I can prepare one more. No.
Dylan: I have an extra spell slot. But do we don't get a new. We we get to new automatics, but we don't get a new.
Tim Sackton: You don't get another spell prepared. You just get your
Dylan: third level
Tim Sackton: subclass bonus spells and you get an extra slot.
Dylan: Yeah, we we don't get more because we prepare spells. But I guess it's based on level and rounding down and stuff. So I imagine we don't. Since you're half casters you only get extra spells prepared every other level.
Tim Sackton: so you would have gotten an extra at second, and then you get another at fourth
Dylan: half your artificial bull, which is 3, but rounded down half of that rounded down is still 4. Yep, correct. Okay, just checking.
Dylan: Keep track of my keiko, the dog.
Alright.
Tim Sackton: I guess II didn't realize we're gonna level up since so suddenly. So I guess you also need a token for steel defender. I just seem like a good moment when we were all taking a break anyway, and after you so successfully made it past the first
Tim Sackton: 2 challenges. But I would actually as much trouble as I expected.
Phil Grayson: The natural 20 on the pushing the wood out. Certainly. Help my, my one. Good 20. Yeah, that was all you get, and the spell slot acid across 2 turns. Yeah, some decent damage for the 7 out of 8.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that did like 20 points of damage across the combat.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Laura's anger with somebody stealing her swords. 2 natural 20 is in a row that helps. I have so few things. I like the things I have.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as you finish
Tim Sackton: your meal, I'm gonna say, this is like a slightly longer than normal short rest. It's been like an hour and a half
Tim Sackton: 2 h. So you know, it's maybe 30'clock in the afternoon. Now.
Tim Sackton: Got 3 more hours of daylight. It's, you know, middle of autumn. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you've been holed up in this workshop forge prison
Tim Sackton: gambling den for the past couple of hours. catching your breath
Tim Sackton: and realizing that you've got more in you than you expected.
Tim Sackton: burned together with these strangers to hack your way out of a cell. Okay? So as the rest ends.
Tim Sackton: maybe Laura
Tim Sackton: has been.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. So Loria, was spending a lot of her short rest back in the gear room,
Sara/Loria (she/her): mostly resting, but also every once in a while trying to get into the pouches that she wasn't able to explore before, and in
Sara/Loria (she/her): one of the pouches. She just she walks out of that room again, and around her is just this
Sara/Loria (she/her): swarm, intangible kind of presence of fluttering birds. That seem to be sort of alighting on her arms and following her, and being just generally sort of encompassing and like moving around.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And she goes.
Sara/Loria (she/her): You guys should look at those pouches back there, cause there's some crazy stuff in there. and then just kind of sits down with her with her birds at the end of the meal.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Did you want like new spell stuff as well? Or just that's good. Okay?
Phil Grayson: I've been. I've been focusing on one of the crossbows I picked up, and
Phil Grayson: it seems to glow with
a little bit of magic. You look at it compared to the other one and the other one's just
Phil Grayson: just wooden metal. But mine woo! It looks like a plus one crossbow that doesn't have the loading property anymore, and has unlimited ammunition.
Phil Grayson: It's what it looks like. Yeah. I would also have taken some time, if available, to do the the identify ritual on the rope from the first or the dinner jacket. II sent you a message.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I assumed you did that.
Phil Grayson: Oh, yes, I see it now. Thank you. They I've put them on. They look. You do look very nice, and II say, I watch this, and I take a dagger, and I scratch through them, and they zip back up.
John L: So I've
John L: I've been kind of off out of sight during most of the rest for my my time. I walk out
John L: my ring on. That's not glowing.
John L: Feeling a little more confident. I'm looking more or less the same as I was before.
John L:  I also have been doing a ritual. Sorry. How do I use ritual of America's protection
John L: like, how do I make that work in D and D.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
John L: I can get my armor
Tim Sackton: and just go to customize your armor class and put
John L:  just add one more to it.
John L: Yeah, they would just add one more to it.
Tim Sackton: Just give it an additional magic bonus and plus one.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Dylan: so tell him.
Dylan: yeah, I guess, like.
Dylan: just like what a scale is saying like, oh, wow! Look at this now newly magical weapon that has just emerged from my inventory, but also I guess I also come from the the Smith area with a
Dylan: it says it's called a steel defender, but I guess it's just easy to describe it like a
Dylan: Meg. No, a magical steel dog,
Dylan: blue eyes
Dylan: and kind of white and gray sort of
Dylan: material on top, I guess with my magical appearance, is friendly to everyone in the party. There's no hostility towards it, anyone else.
Dylan: lovable companion, to join us.
Phil Grayson: I am. as I finish putting the ropes on, II go, and I collect all my playing cards and shuffle them up and pop them in an inside pocket.
Tim Sackton: So as you look out across the landscape before you decide what to do, just to set the scene a little bit. So you're looking. You're looking sort of southwest across this
Tim Sackton: this hilltop into the river valley
Tim Sackton: do last some you're you're on sort of the outskirts of the of this largest state.
Tim Sackton: The area you are looks like maybe it once was
Tim Sackton:  vineyards, or something like that like slightly rolling hills. But clearly this has been like completely
Tim Sackton: overgrown. There's a small cluster of buildings sort of due south to you.
Tim Sackton: partially hidden behind an overgrown hedge
Tim Sackton: at one of those buildings
Tim Sackton: due south, maybe 200 feet to the south.
Tim Sackton: Looks like it's intact. The other building
Tim Sackton: completely.
Tim Sackton: Just a few walls, not no roof or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Looking due west from where you are. You're looking into this this, you know. Decrepit
Tim Sackton: overgrown, formal garden at the back of the villa. That goes on. That starts. Maybe
Tim Sackton: you know a third of a mile through the the vineyards and goes on for
Tim Sackton: 100 yards. Something like that southwest from where you are
Tim Sackton: some distance away, maybe a third of a mile.
Tim Sackton: kind of near, like set within the formal gardens. Is this ruined villa?
Tim Sackton: Even from this distance you can tell that not all of it is intact.
Tim Sackton: Although some of the walls and part of the roof still stands, seems to be standing. There's also a low wall around the side closest to you of the villa that seems to enclose.
Tim Sackton: I guess. More gardens. It's hard to tell from here.
Tim Sackton:  There's maybe another ruins beyond the villa it's hard to see.
Tim Sackton: And then, directly south of the villa. There's all that remains of what used to be, perhaps a wall enclosing this entire estate. and there is
Tim Sackton: a gate empty. There
you're
Tim Sackton: you don't see anything moving. You don't hear anything, obviously, from where you're standing.
Phil Grayson: I'm not usually much of a fighter, but that actually was
Phil Grayson: pretty fun, and I'm still out quite a bit of gold.
Phil Grayson: Don't know if any of you are interested in continuing on to find where where those things may have gone, or figure out why the heck they
Phil Grayson: took us down, or for any other reason. But I'm in. If people want to continue.
John L: do you think we were in the wrong place at the wrong time, or was there some intentionality?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean, it looks like lots of people were in the wrong place at the wrong time. If that's the case.
Sara/Loria (she/her): there is more there than just arts.
Phil Grayson: And where have the rest of them gone?
Phil Grayson: Do you think they were just killed, or was this just a temporary hold?
Sara/Loria (she/her): The the goblins were saying. Something about a grimstone or a brimstone, and the they one of them per grimstowners? I don't. I don't know what that meant, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): they seem to have some plan for us. We're saving one of us for a Grimstone.
Sara/Loria (she/her): They
Sara/Loria (she/her): they were complaining about their bosses a lot, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): I don't know what they do.
Dylan: Are there any landscape like
Dylan: in the distance, like a hills or mountain ranges, or anything that would give away where? Exactly we are like if we're more familiar with the area or been traveling about like, Oh, we're south of X or yeah. So you're set in the foothills of this
Tim Sackton: kind of hilly hilly region known as the Plato Hills. That
Tim Sackton: run, I mean, you would all except for maybe
Tim Sackton: no, you don't recognize this. You've all passed through here. Spend enough time here. Know the landscape well enough.
Tim Sackton: You're probably 40 miles from the coast.
Tim Sackton: So you've you certainly traveled some distance inland from where you most of you were taken. Most of the roads run along the coast. These hills were like long ago. There was like silver mines and things in here, and
Tim Sackton: you know, people, you know, wealthy merchants, estates. But
Tim Sackton: the past, at least, since you've all been around like this is a pretty rundown area. There's no merchant families with
Dylan: giant estates anymore. So.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Tim, were we taking on the western Gulf or the Green seat
Tim Sackton: the Western Gulf
Dylan: cause. I think.
Dylan: Dylan, the character would see like now that we're out and about
Dylan: to sort of return from where we were captured. That's where my sort of bearing is. So do I have it
Dylan: sort of a
Dylan: like. Oh, II should be going this way, so I don't know. II see the being captured by goblins and something just sort of serendipitous, and we're all kind of thrown together
Dylan: and wanting to escape or leave. Now cause this grim Bach, dude
Dylan: boss person.
John L: I don't want to get caught off in that.
Dylan: so I have like a like oh, this direction I should. I should probably go in, I mean
Tim Sackton: yes, that I mean heading south.
Tim Sackton: You could head south down the river.
Tim Sackton: I mean you could add south into the river valley, right down out of the hills would be back where you were from.
Tim Sackton: You you know those of you who have been around this area for
Tim Sackton: some time, which is like most of you have spent at least a little bit of time here, and so you know that there's been these rumors of of people going missing.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's
Tim Sackton: nobody's ever returned from going missing.
Tim Sackton: you know what?
Tim Sackton:  you certainly haven't stopped that, mister. Right? You know those goblins involved. But
Tim Sackton: at least some of you still have, you know.
Sara/Loria (she/her): stuff that was that is missing. Right? So yeah, well, I don't want to leave yet without finding where? Right?
Dylan: And if we know if someone, if someone's coming like we know that someone is gonna turn up here for captured people? Would we want to lay and wait for Sid Person to arrive, and then either
of
Dylan: talk to them casually or follow them, or talk to them less casually, in a way to sort of find out where they may have been taking us, or
Dylan: had intentions, for.
Dylan: because that might lead us to other people that have also been captured. Perhaps
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean someone presumably was going to bring them dinner. But this whole Grimstone person. They were saying he wasn't coming for days. They who knows when they're gonna be here?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Maybe dinner was just the wrong meat that you purified for us who knows?
Phil Grayson: Well, we could.
Phil Grayson: We could try doing like a weekend at Bernie's, and I point at the 3 goblins and the 3 chairs back in the room.
Phil Grayson: And if
Sara/Loria (she/her): one of them doesn't have knee caps anymore, they're sitting down. Acid. Wash also the acid right? Right?
Phil Grayson: Emphasis on the burn. Yeah.
Phil Grayson:  we could. We could wait and see if someone shows up to
Phil Grayson: bring dinner.
John L: Is this a good ambush spot?
Tim Sackton: II mean, it could be like, you know
Tim Sackton: what would be the
Tim Sackton: what would be the ambush locate? I mean the inside of the
Tim Sackton: the inside of the
Tim Sackton: forge. I mean, there's only one door in or out of the forge, so that makes it somewhat useful.  it's not obvious if
Tim Sackton:  you know, you don't know. You don't know what else is around right? So you don't know if 20 goblins are gonna show up, or if, like one person, bring dinner or nobody at all, because.
Tim Sackton: you know this was a punishment, and they're being made to eat rotten food.
Tim Sackton: But certainly it's not a. It's not a bad amber spot in the sense that
Tim Sackton: controlled ingress and egress relatively dark.
Tim Sackton: Certainly you could hide out in the, you know, there's places you could hide.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So I mean, Laurie is just being
Sara/Loria (she/her): turning bricks over and kinda like kicking around some of the like rubble outside, and
Sara/Loria (she/her): sort of like it's over here as well.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Even if somebody comes for dinner.
Sara/Loria (she/her): They're not gonna have my ring, and I know that this isn't maybe the best situation for everyone. But
Dylan: yes.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I want my, I need my things I have. I have just. I have a couple of things that I just really love to have back, and whether or not they bring a rotting piece of meat or not. Pretty sure they're not gonna have
Sara/Loria (she/her): like, I'm glad you guys got yourself some of your things back. But II
Sara/Loria (she/her): need my ring really important to me, and
Sara/Loria (she/her): you still think they're gonna serve that up with dinner.
Phil Grayson: I'm with you, Laura, and I need your ability to speak goblin, to interrogate them, because this was a once-in-a-lifetime haul for me 40 gold in a single night. That's a serious Talgar hold and winnings right there, and it's not something you can just, you know.
Phil Grayson: waving and hands. I I'll wait here.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean, if you wanna talk like translation, please. I got I got some contracts we could, we could, you know.
Sara/Loria (she/her): let me know how you
Phil Grayson: well, if I mean
Phil Grayson: I'm more than happy to throw acid on whoever you need, I suppose.
Dylan: yeah, that's really where I need some help. So so so are we gonna use whoever was gonna bring us dinner as a way to figure out where our stuff was taken.
Phil Grayson: where where to go next. I think we waited a little too long to cast healing word on these ones. Human interrogation! They're they're gone. Yes.
Dylan: that's his magic.
Dylan: because whoever was bringing dinner had to come from somewhere, and you know, if we need to use that as a stepping stone to get to the next place. Kind of thing.
Dylan: How how guarded this dinner goblin is gonna be is is
Dylan: is sort of a big question on. But you want to find out. Yeah, yeah, there may not be one. There might not be one. And then we're just here for the night. This place is
Sara/Loria (she/her): dirty.
John L: Yeah. So did you wanna like leave on the road
Dylan: for
Dylan: jester? And broadly.
Dylan: but like there, I don't know we
Sara/Loria (she/her): I don't know where you all came from, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): I was down that way. and I mean
Sara/Loria (she/her): not really.
John L: I don't know where else they're coming from
Sara/Loria (she/her): could head down the valley.
Phil Grayson: and then she starts again. I mean, I'm from a swamp. So this is clean enough. If if we got to sleep here.
Phil Grayson: I don't mind.
Phil Grayson: but maybe we don't even need to fight the dinner goblin if they come. If we just
Phil Grayson: let's say we get, let's say we get up on the roof right, and the dinner goblet comes, and we've set the other goblins in such a way that when they, when the dinner goblin goes in they see something that they've never seen before, and they will never unsee. And then they run, and we just follow the direction that they run until we find
Phil Grayson: out where, where everything else is the I mean, it's a largest state. If
Phil Grayson: if we know where to go next, that would be helpful, I think.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can somebody carry me if we're working
Phil Grayson: perfect.
Phil Grayson: and you got less than 30 feet of movement. Can I still defend, construct, and is a small character?
Phil Grayson: They ride the dog. I am ended. She rides it. It's it's a it's a thing for the whole party brings us together.
Dylan: So so so wait for dinner, goblin, if dinner, goblin arrive, deal with dinner, goblin.
Dylan: see how that turns out. If no dinner goblin, then we just have to kind of
John L: go out into the valley to sort of
Dylan: search, because we have things to find how to find this goblin horde being taken. I even speaks up.
John L: halflings are telepathic, right sorry just out of game. Yeah.
John L: I can look like a goblin.
John L: and
John L: if the halfling translates in my mind I can ask questions. Can I talk? And I can talk.
Tim Sackton: You can't speak, Goblin.
John L: but the telepathic person can be telling me what sounds to make. I could just be goblin's already kind of stupid.
Dylan: It's not gonna be easy, but it's definitely possible. I am a
John L: charisma based with a plus 5 deception.
Tim Sackton: The Lori would have to be
Tim Sackton: close enough to be able to hear what the Government says. I will have otherwise tied up like she's the only one left and the other 3 escaped.
John L: That's a good plan. I like it, and then the other 2 can be in a position to provide support if it, if it
Phil Grayson: and the other great.
Sara/Loria (she/her): like a little like a wrap of writ of rope around my wrists. It's actually quite loose. There are things that we need to
Sara/Loria (she/her): along this line
Sara/Loria (she/her): with my telepathy, am I able to cast out and see if I can like
Sara/Loria (she/her): hit like? Is it more of like a sonar, or is it more of a like. I can see you, and I can speak to Leopard.
Tim Sackton: It has to be somebody you can see, or somebody that you're aware of. It can't be just like if you know that if you know that
Tim Sackton: you know gait and guidance on the other side of the door, you can. Still, I can still communicate. Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean, as long as we can conceal my short sores. And I don't
Sara/Loria (she/her): have to let go of them again.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, yeah, I could. I could see this being. I'm not a great actor.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  but I can. I can try.
John L: Well, you know, we can put something around your mouth like you can't talk like you've been annoying the whole time.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That's yeah.
Phil Grayson: So you're going to be like
Phil Grayson: Boss goblin with the other 2 dead on the floor. And Lauria tied up. and the 2 of us off in the coat room.
John L: Yeah, or
John L: I don't know if I want to use my spell slots. I can make both of you invisible for an hour.
John L: Once we hear the person
John L: I can. I cast this bill twice because it's concentration. So it's easy to test the second one, the first one disappears. Got it, got it?
Dylan: Do we have a oh, like, okay. So I think we're on board against the dinner goblin and having a a quote unquote fake goblin D Lori, translating telepathically. So it's gonna be. If there even is a dinner goblin. Do we have a direction where they're probably coming in because I have alarm
Dylan:  prepared. There's only one entrance to this building right? But like did we wanna have like, and
Dylan: my spell like alarm, sit off a little bit into the distance. And so we can have like a little bit of like, okay, it's like it's like the the Did it go, or something is, you know, 2 min away, or something like that?
Dylan: Do we ever
Dylan: just down the road a little bit, or just down off the entrance just
Dylan: by a little bit.
Dylan: second ritually cast
Dylan: alarm, which will then give
Dylan: like we know we don't just like crouching in the darkness for
Dylan: 8 on hours, waiting for dinner. Goblin it might not be, might not ever show.
John L: I say we should leave it cause we were. We woke up in the morning. What time do we wake up? You woke up like after lunch, and then before that, like an hour searching, and, you know, 30 s fighting and then 2 h resting. So it's probably evening 4 in the afternoon. At this point, even if we wanted to leave tomorrow. We might as well
John L: we can't. We won't get far enough.
Dylan: We've got to pack it in for this evening. Okay, I'm I'll sit richly, constantly. To be like.
Dylan: I don't know. I'll walk down like the obvious route up to
Dylan: where we're staying, like if there's an obvious just like path. And I want to just want to go down the path for, like.
Dylan: I don't know just a couple of minutes before casting along, if that's possible.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, there's a path.
Tim Sackton: The the path leads sort of down from this
Tim Sackton: little sort of area, and seems to be curving towards the
Tim Sackton: towards the the one intact building that you can see. That's like 200 feet south of you.
Tim Sackton:  and you sort of go down a little bit and you can see you kinda come around a corner a a little bit to past a hedge, and you can see like plain as day, 150 feet away from you
Tim Sackton: 2 goblins sitting at the door to this other building.
Tim Sackton: just kind of playing like sitting talking to each other like it looks like it was supposed to be on guard duty, but they're not really paying much attention to anything.
Dylan: I'll take an immediate 1. 80 back to be whistling to myself, oh, no, I take immediate 1 80, and I'll communicate like down the road this 2 other goblins, did we? Wanna? What's what's the plan? Now, this is change tactic.
Phil Grayson: same plan. But just on wheels. Now, walking down the road.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
John L: where are you 2 guys relative to us
Phil Grayson: splitting? The party worked last time. We'll just hang back here for a while.
Phil Grayson: I guess I could tie all 3 of us.
John L: all 3 of you together.
Sara/Loria (she/her): You could just pretend that we're all yeah. We're all prisoners. So
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then just be like they got rowdy. So I decided to bring the app.
John L: or as like help. They broke the bars.
Sara/Loria (she/her): or they they killed the other 2, and II saved every I saved the the night. But they're they're trouble. I need help. Really, all I can do is phonetically make the noises you tell me. Try and Google some like goblin as languages in the background. I don't even know what to sound like, though a lot of grunts I'm assuming.
John L: I say, we pretend tie you up. We worst case scenario we have very, very will surprise them. Probably.
John L:  in case we could have, we can get some information.
Phil Grayson: Sounds good to me.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I'm a fan of all 4 of us going together as much as I love splitting a party.
John L: And I could. Okay.
Dylan: let's do it, I reckon.
Phil Grayson: And also they made a robot dog, and I tied that up, too, upside down.
Dylan: I was gonna get kinda like be a little further back, maybe behind in the hinge. I think I can communicate telepathically. I could make one of you invisible.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I can communicate with Caico.
Dylan: It won't
Dylan: obey you, hey? Dad's fine. Hang back for a second. I don't know.
Dylan: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Move on its own. You don't need to communicate with it to move
John L: right? And you can leave it. Simple instructions. Like, if I'm in danger. Run towards.
Dylan: If you hear dead yell.
John L: So if we're gonna fake, tie everybody up and walk over there like the cage is broken.  We could, I could make one of
John L: the 2 folks invisible.
John L:  if that helps bring 2 fake tied up, one invisible to loop around
John L: the flank. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: I got a whole new spell slot with that level up. I can throw asset on these 2.
John L: So I think, should maybe try that we can put one person invisible in position.
John L:  the dog can be somewhere else also possible.
Dylan: Okay, I mean, are we? Are we overcomplicating it?
John L: Tim is probably like.
Dylan: Oh, my goodness, this is way too much. We don't hold plan for dinner, Goblin. We didn't need to make. Yes, of course.
Dylan: like I saw 2 goblins casually sitting. And now we're like
Dylan: big plan lead to big brains. They look as specialized as the ones that we've already killed? Or do they look like
Tim Sackton: lame goblins, Umhm, I mean, you just got a very quick look before Dylan did it quick got back behind the head. I mean they had short swords, but not holding them. They didn't look.
Tim Sackton: I didn't look particularly. There was no like Sneaky one or big boss one. They look kinda like just the plain warrior that you fought
Dylan: do do we just want to go? Say, get Lori tied up
Dylan: right tied up, and then we have fake goblet out front and then we just see for information we get, and if things go, 3 of us just kinda jump from the head. I could be out there and goblin, though.
John L: and
John L: and I could have her with me like the other 2 are. Her can't escape.
John L: What's going on?
Dylan: I think that's I think we should. Just II wanna use this goblin nonsense because it's great but I think there 3 of us
Dylan: could probably just hide. Oh, sorry 2 of us, me and the just hide and just be ready. And if the goal boards are getting to suss, we can just jump out and we can always knock them out
Dylan: We don't have to kill them. We can just knock them out.
Dylan: let's say non, lethally, so we can
Dylan: interrogate them, and another.
John L: and it will leisurely that works for me. So do it. Okay. So
John L: Gaden goes off out of line of sight and returns looking more or less like one of the dead goblins.
John L: II rub some of this. I take some of the rotten food and stink and kind of put it in my pocket, so I have the the whole goblin ambiance.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Which of the dead ones do you look like the boss lady or the
Dylan: sneaky one, the dumbest, the dumbest one of which one was the dumbest I mean
Tim Sackton: they were. They were all pretty drunk.
Phil Grayson: Yes, I also like spill a little bit of brandy on me, so I smell like brandy and rotten food and goblin.
John L:  I'm I'll put. I'll do the not the boss lady, because I wanna ask questions that maybe the boss lady should know.
John L: So one or the other 2,
Tim Sackton: the the the whiny, the whiny one was
Tim Sackton: the one that they seemed like they were calling Marquee Markey. I do, Mark. He was
Tim Sackton: okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Laurie. I actually forgot the plan.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  while Gayden was out transforming himself. So it was like actually gets like Startup when it comes back.
John L: I talked to my normal foot. It's just me.
John L: are you? Are you sure you're ready for this, Gloria?
Sara/Loria (she/her): So ready, we're ready.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah.
John L: Okay, okay. Is everybody in position? Tell me what this looks like again as you begin to proceed down the path.
John L: Lauria is fake, tied up as if she is captured. I am going to motion and get the goblin's attention's attention and wave them over here.
John L: using the noises in that warrior will be giving me. I will phonetically communicate that 2 prisoners have escaped is help arriving.
John L: and then we will carry on the conversation. If the conversation fails we will try to knock them out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you walk. you walk to, maybe
Tim Sackton: like I don't know you. You come down the the path a little bit and come to this point
Tim Sackton: around the around the bend
Tim Sackton: where you can see you can see. So you're looking at now like a slightly bigger building.
Tim Sackton: the smithy that you were in maybe about twice as long, but about the same width again, which seems to only have one door which seems to be intact.
Tim Sackton: And there's these 2 goblins that are sitting at this point, you know. It's probably the late afternoon sun
Tim Sackton: they're sitting. They just seem to be like bored, like chatting quietly.
Tim Sackton: They've got swords and shields, but they're not holding their swords and shields at the moment.
Tim Sackton:  And you come, you come to about
Tim Sackton: a hundred feet and begin yelling. Something in in goblin make a deception check with disadvantage.
John L: Woof!
Tim Sackton: Great start!
Tim Sackton: So one of them stands up and kind of looks at you, and is like Yaos. something incomprehensible that
Tim Sackton:  Laurie quickly translates as
Tim Sackton: what the hell is going on, Marquis, are you drunk.
Tim Sackton: Falcon said you weren't to leave for 3 whole days.
Tim Sackton: and he like turns over to his friend and says.
Tim Sackton: You better go get folk and don't understand what he's trying to say. And you see, one of the goblins begins to go open the door and go into the
Tim Sackton: this like building.
Tim Sackton: The other one is just looking staring up at you, confused, and shouts out again. Laurie translates
Tim Sackton: Vulcan's gonna be pissed!
John L: III burp and like stumble drunkenly.
Dylan: It's good. Yes.
Tim Sackton: still sort of picks up his his sword and his shield, and and begins to kind of walk towards you slowly, like sort of looking, looking puzzled.
Tim Sackton:  Yells again in Goblin.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna be no more brandy for you, I'm sure of that. What the hell are you doing with the prisoner out of the cage.
John L: I'm like waiting for Lori to help me.
John L: What to more closely
Sara/Loria (she/her): it. It was something, but it will. Little Whistler
Sara/Loria (she/her): sounded like out of rage. I think maybe didn't like.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
John L: so say that again.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think they meant
Sara/Loria (she/her): out of the cage. I don't. I don't know. I think you're in trouble.
Tim Sackton: Tell me what to say. You're just standing there confused. And and this goblin's now like walking
Tim Sackton: closer. He's now probably 50 feet away from me identically sound it out so I can speak. Goblin
Sara/Loria (she/her): his, his
Sara/Loria (she/her): Abrax. I go last. C.
John L: Something's not right. My character stumbles around and says those words slurring it. He!
Tim Sackton:  He yells. Back
Tim Sackton: spoken. Are you coming?
Tim Sackton: Markie is drunk and confused.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think he let the prisoners out.
John L: You know. Business have escaped.
Sara/Loria (she/her): We didn't go hug, go
Sara/Loria (she/her): egg cu
John L: I like almost like vomit, and then, like pretend I hold it back, and then I phonetically. Say the words as best I can. The goblins now gotten up to you, and he's got his sword in his shield.
Tim Sackton: many like prods
Tim Sackton: standing like right next to you starts like prodding Lori
Tim Sackton: like looks over. You're carrying your swords right?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. But they're like tucked
John L: prawns. You a little bit. Make a make a deception check.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Good! Good! I have a plus 0 on this
Sara/Loria (she/her): 9
Tim Sackton: catches a glimpse of one of your swords
Tim Sackton: like what the hell takes a swing it  at Gowden.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll initiative. If you want to attack
John L:  I would just take the hit like I'm like, I'm stupid.
Tim Sackton: Okay. he's not swinging pretty hard, but he
Tim Sackton: bashes you on the side of the head with
Tim Sackton:  with
Tim Sackton: his
Tim Sackton: stored and looks
Tim Sackton: shocked for a second, because
Tim Sackton: this Guy's self does not change your actual physical size, it just changes your appearance. So what he thought should be striking on the side of the head is actually hitting you
Tim Sackton: like smack on your arm
Tim Sackton: like it's like what the hell!
Tim Sackton: And at this point, you see.
Tim Sackton: re more goblins coming up
John L: it's path.
Tim Sackton: Can I can. I silence speech to the goblin that just took a swing at Gaden. Yeah. Can I tell him that?
Sara/Loria (she/her):  hmm.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  I want to tell him that the the dogs are attacking from the other side.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and that
Sara/Loria (she/her): Bob's name
Sara/Loria (she/her): More key is just an idiot.
Tim Sackton: He looks. He just like turns around
Tim Sackton: completely. No idea what to do.
Tim Sackton: Gary, and make another deception check just to represent what this scene looks like to the 3 goblins that have just emerged from the paradox.
Tim Sackton: Hey? That's much better. So this one, this one goblin, is standing here like looking at you, confused, absolutely convinced. Something up like
Tim Sackton: not sure what's going on.
Tim Sackton: The other 3 goblins. So 2 of them are also like warriors like like this guy. The third is clearly more of a a leader type. He's
Tim Sackton: He's got like he's carrying a stack that's got a little skull on the top.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton:  And he's he's like walking. He's got sort of like faint, crackling green light.
Tim Sackton: Coming off of of off of the staff as he strides purposefully in your direction, his eyes splashing with anger as he begins to approach.
Tim Sackton: Is anybody doing anything
John L: I'm like?
Phil Grayson: Can you remind me where the the 3 of us, the 2 artificers and the dog are at this point. So
Tim Sackton: I think, am I correct that
Tim Sackton: a scale is invisible?
John L: No, we didn't cast invisible spells. We didn't cast invisibility so kind of like motion towards him to come a little bit closer to us. 2 artificers and the dog are. So there's a hedgerow.
Tim Sackton: So we're in the yeah. You're in the hedge. The hedge cuts off the visibility of the smithy from the barracks. It's total comfort. It's maybe
Tim Sackton: 30 40 feet from where they're all speaking on the path.
Phil Grayson: Okay, cool.
John L: I was just like, do we see
Dylan: commotion like, I'm sort of like
Dylan: I'm gauging with it if we needed to engage, I guess, for her. Was there a mental code word from Lauria that we were waiting on?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we've not set the alarm, the mental alarm yet. But your read on this situation right now is the dog one that just tried to smack fake. Murky
Tim Sackton: is sure that something is totally wrong with this scene. He's spotted a short sword, and he's seen, and he's like realized. This must be an illusion.
Tim Sackton: But the 3 goblins who are approaching to them. It looks like. you know.
Tim Sackton: Gordon's body language is much better than his
Tim Sackton: speaking language in Goblin.
Tim Sackton: and he's got the act of like a tottering drunk goblin down like to a T right? Like, all of you looking at this are like, Yeah, that's definitely a drunk goblin. So
John L: I telepathically. Dr. Laura, I want to tell them the prisoners have escaped. We have to.
John L: I want to get them to run up to where we were at.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and they should all be away from us. So tell me what to do, and I'll yell at like. yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): One
Sara/Loria (she/her): had gathered.
Dylan: Rad
John L: Brian can read. And then I'm like.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you're you're close enough now.
Tim Sackton: That you can hear this.
Tim Sackton: this this goblin boss type. Say to one of the 2 warriors
Tim Sackton:  before he gets within clear earshot. And you're just talking. You're just like sort of talking to this guy, and he says to one of the 2 warriors, Go.
Tim Sackton: and you can hear this, Laura. the Hotel Ugna.
Tim Sackton: Marcus had too much to drink. I'm dealing with him. I'm not back in an hour. Send troops to the smithy.
Tim Sackton: and then he turns and he approaches, and he he listens to you, and he like completely ignores everything you're saying, and just goes up and takes his staff.
Tim Sackton:  are you gonna try and do anything about this? Are you taking the hat?
John L:  I like pretend like I stumbled, and I'm on the ground so like if he hits me, it feels more even
John L: like I'm trying to get a little smaller, my real self.
Tim Sackton: So he he stops when he is about 10 feet away, and he takes this
Tim Sackton: this this like staff he's got. He points at you, and this, like flash of green energy, shoots out.  Down, dog! He yells.
Tim Sackton: and you take
Tim Sackton: 8 points of poison damage, and you have to make a constitution saving throw.
Dylan:  okay, you resist the poison.
Tim Sackton: But you do take the 8 points of poison damage. You are not poisoned by this toxic blast.
John L: and I'm like drunkenly back to your cage now.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, Lauria, telepathically to Gadden, says
Sara/Loria (she/her): Blink once, if you want me to take him out of the kneecaps.
Dylan: That's
John L: he's really trying really hard not to blink right now.
Dylan: Oh.
John L: kicks you while you're down this goblin. Get a crawl, you miserable cur! Look! I start crawling back towards where where we came from.
Dylan: The hinge
Tim Sackton: yeah, towards the edge, just as one of the go. One of the 2 goblins is like trying to say like, something's wrong here. But it's just completely ignoring the other 2 goblins.
Tim Sackton: Grab that damn hoffling. Drag her along.
Sara/Loria (she/her): We're gonna deal with this
Sara/Loria (she/her): Gloria yells
Sara/Loria (she/her): telepathically in Goblin to the one coming towards her. That
Sara/Loria (she/her): or Organa Agna. I don't know which. I'm gonna go with Agna.
Sara/Loria (she/her): wants him back.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, no! One's a bad station
Tim Sackton: like turns to turns to look at.
Tim Sackton: It was like Falcon, a puzzled look. and he just fall. Can the guy with the stack just goes to kick you. How are you
Tim Sackton: trying to dodge? Are you maintaining the illusion that you're bound?
Sara/Loria (she/her): There's 2 of them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And they're like
John L: how far apart of it
Tim Sackton: 2 of them are like moving up to grapp. They're like grappling you.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then the the boss dude, the guy with the staff is going to kick us.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I cast fog cloud.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
John L: what the fuck I've been taking fix to keep the solution up
Tim Sackton:  it's happening. It's a 20 foot radius sphere centered on yourself.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. 40 feet across that reaches all the way up to the hedgerow. -Oh!
Tim Sackton: And he's suddenly like, what the hell
Tim Sackton: turns and and
Tim Sackton: says in Goblin to one of the 2 goblins.
Tim Sackton:  something's wrong.
Tim Sackton: Go get back up!
John L: No!
John L: Oh, is it time?
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure you get advantage on initiative that time. This is a pretty even rule. Let me just
Sara/Loria (she/her): sketch this out of that.
Tim Sackton: Is this. Gonna be the cursed initiative party. Oh, my initiative is okay.
Dylan: Dylan. What did you roll? I rolled on one on the
Dylan: okay. So, roughly speaking, we've got.
Tim Sackton:  we've got a headrow
Dylan: that runs
Tim Sackton: like this.
Tim Sackton:  The path
Tim Sackton: runs
Tim Sackton: like this
Tim Sackton: with the smithy in that direction.
Tim Sackton: and the barracks in this direction.
Tim Sackton: and you are all standing
Tim Sackton: about 30 feet, about 20 feet from the hedgerow. So
Tim Sackton: so let's see you're here. How's it, Goblin?
Tim Sackton: You guys are behind the head drow.
Tim Sackton: Laurie is next to you.
Tim Sackton: steel defender right there.
Tim Sackton: Fog cloud.
Dylan: This could have gone there.
Tim Sackton: Cloud is like 20 like 40 feet across, right so close to separating them out where we could pick them off in smaller groups.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Lauria is not a good actress, and as a scaredy cap
Phil Grayson: no safe.
Phil Grayson: I was just like wasting you with spells.
Tim Sackton: Okay, there's the fog cloud. and we've got
Phil Grayson: what does the Fuck club do? Mechanically? Everything within it is heavily obscured.
Phil Grayson: Is that like 3 quarters cover, and can you can't see into it? Nope.
Phil Grayson: and once you're in it, can you see in it?
Tim Sackton: No, it's just
Tim Sackton: everything is obscured completely.
Phil Grayson: Oh, it's like darkness, but not darkness.
Tim Sackton: Exactly
Phil Grayson: what? Okay, let's get some initiative for.
Dylan: wow! They're almost as bad as you are.
Dylan: I guess 3 than the
John L: sorry I gotta add turns.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Sorry. Can you shout out your initiatives again? Laura is a
Dylan: sorry. I'm mid dinner 21, I think
Tim Sackton: Gelin's a 3160, some of you are fine. A scale is.
Phil Grayson: would you go for initiative, Phil? Sorry I lost it for a second. But it's 11. Yeah.
John L: okay, I can. The people who are hidden comfortable planning, seeing the whole thing have the worst initiative, and we're like
John L: in the center of the storm.
Sara/Loria (she/her): as Sarah. I'm sorry as Lauria this.
Tim Sackton: You get the jump on things.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can I do? I still like, know that that
Tim Sackton: goblin was within my reach there? Oh, yeah, nobody's hidden at the moment. You are currently grappled by this goblin
Tim Sackton: up here, which means your speed is 0.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yep.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I take out my poorly concealed short swords?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Or do I have to try to do? I have to counter the grapple before I can do anything
Tim Sackton: you're currently prone. So if you wanna stand up, you need to counter the grapple. But you could still attack. You just have disadvantage. But you have disadvantage, anyway, because everything's heavily, so I could go for their ankles with my short swords is what I'm hearing. Yep, that's exactly what you can do.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay. So with disadvantage, though
Tim Sackton: with disadvantage because of the obscurement. That's fair.
Sara/Loria (she/her): They rolled to Nat. 20 s.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, roll your damage. Oh, and remember your savage attacker. So
Tim Sackton: don't forget about that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, so roll your damage twice. Okay, so there's damage.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. So that was 2D 6 plus 3. Yes, that's 9.
Tim Sackton: But roll the lower die again.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, okay. yeah.
Tim Sackton: But wine is not better, so it's still 9 damage plus.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Don't you get your swarm keeper? Yup. So then my fluttering birds are also going to form an arrowhead in formation
Sara/Loria (she/her): similar to spellings, but also kind of like that school of fish from finding Nemo, and they are going to attack
Sara/Loria (she/her): the goblin that I just took down with a oned 6.
Tim Sackton: I only have 2 hip wids left
Sara/Loria (she/her): the 4.
Tim Sackton: So in one. With one swift blow Lauria turns
Tim Sackton: slices, this goblin warrior at the knees, and you see this like swarm of birds burst out from under where they've been hiding, and just take this goblin warrior down completely.
Sara/Loria (she/her): You are now not grappled and free to stand up, can I, with my bonus action? Can I still attack another. Is that a thing in dual wheel? You can deck another one.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm gonna
stand up.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then, as I'm standing because is again, it's not. It's not a tall distance. So I'm gonna swing around with my other short sword and try to take out
Sara/Loria (she/her): or at least
Sara/Loria (she/her): somewhat damaged, the goblin that was behind me was as I was grappled.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And remember, are you trying to do non-lethal damage to these guys or kill them?
Sara/Loria (she/her): At least one I'm assuming is not lethal. Melee attacks, whether spell or
Tim Sackton: weapon can be non-lethal. Range. Attacks always have to always kill people.
Tim Sackton: although you can. Always healing words. Somebody, if you want to, or cure with them, if you get to them quick enough.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm still in panic mode right now. Yeah. But I think Gloria may not have the ability to make that judgment call right now. Gloria's a little frazzled right now. I gotta make your second attack swinging full force.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, that's better.
Tim Sackton: That does not have yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, standing up frightened after slaying the first goblin, you turn and swing off balance at the second goblin.
Tim Sackton: as it sort of
Tim Sackton: carefully dodges out of the way, looking shocked
Tim Sackton: as skated. You get to go.
John L: and by within 5 feet of both of the goblins
Tim Sackton: you're within 5 feet of the of this one, the curse
John L: within 5 feet. Why get an opportunity attack against me? Nope.
Tim Sackton: Nope, only if you exit his reach.
John L: Got it. Okay.
John L: nobody can see anything. Opportunities, only attacks don't happen
Tim Sackton: in the fog cloud.
John L: So I kind of like. Still, as looking as a goblin, quickly move between them.
John L: I
John L: palm myself down and I cast swordburst.
Tim Sackton: Okay. that's what save is that?
John L: I'm 13.
Tim Sackton: But what's ability? Score?
John L: Oh, dexterities.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
that's a 19. And
Tim Sackton: what is there plus 14? So both of them save
John L: I then quickly use my bonus action
John L: and misty step
John L: my ass out of there right misty stuff can is a bonus action right? Yup, that's a bonus action. Yep, sorry, Misty stepping, too. I'm gonna misty. Step with everybody else over here
John L: all by herself. I'm arranged fighter here.
John L: Okay.
Tim Sackton: you have to teleport to a spot, you can see.
John L: Oh, okay. So then I will teleport. Oh, shit! Can I see out of the the haze?
Tim Sackton: No! But if you take like 3 steps you'll be. You'll be out of a haze, and then you can teleport anywhere. Okay? So I take my 3 steps
John L: and then I missed you. Step over there.
Tim Sackton: That's just around the
Tim Sackton: head drown.
John L: Okay, did
Tim Sackton: curse better
Tim Sackton: hearing you run past him.
Tim Sackton: not being able to see anything
Tim Sackton: in this horrendous fog. was, gonna step back, 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: 3 steps out of the fog.
Tim Sackton: See you around the head drow.
Tim Sackton: I wanna say.
Tim Sackton:  probably can't see
Tim Sackton: Dylan just got in
Tim Sackton:  and he is going to
Tim Sackton: look at you. and is going to shout some string of words in goblin
Tim Sackton: as a Haxe flies to you, make a wisdom saving throw
Tim Sackton: you fall prone.
Tim Sackton: stuck.
Tim Sackton: unable to get up of your own free will until you succeed on a wisdom saving throw. You can try again at the end of every term.
Tim Sackton: and then he's gonna retreat. 3 more steps gotta add a bit more space here.
Tim Sackton: and that's gonna end his turn aescale. You're up
Phil Grayson: my mouse is just died. So I'm gonna have to switch to my laptop. I will be back in one turn. Someone else can go.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: goblin warrior is going to run out
Tim Sackton:  6 moving back here.
Tim Sackton: there. And we'll take out his short bell
Dylan: and take a plank at Dylan. Disadvantage
Dylan: deflected tech defenda imposes disadvantage attack role of
Dylan: okay, check and see.
Dylan: Oh, has to be within 5 feet. So I think it's deflate only when they're like melee attack. But he rolled a 6. So he misses, anyway. Then it's fine. Maybe maybe
Dylan: it still works. Yeah, yeah. Still works
Tim Sackton: and then it's your turn. As you dodged out of the way of the Arrow coming your direction?
Dylan: Yeah, they're not. And then well, then, we'll bump back to a scale at the end of the round. Course 5, 10,
Dylan: 15,
Dylan: 2025. He's not close, though, is not exactly
Dylan:  hey?
Dylan: I'd like to get closer to this goblin, but I think a dash would not be
Dylan: useful. I think I just kind of wanted to run out and shoot I will use my bonus action to tell Keiko to white rip and tears the closest goblin to dad.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Dylan: now he so the dog the still defender acts immediately after me.
Dylan: yeah, no, I know. I checked that as well. I think I think it's just gonna end up dashing. 510-15-2025. I'll come out here and I'll just I'll take a pot shot.
Dylan: I'll I'll use all 30 movement, and I'll just take a pot shot at with a crossbow just at the closest goblin here.
Dylan: So it's a d I get a plus 4 in this. This is just the quickest way. But
Dylan: everybody enrolled in 19. So yeah, they'll
Dylan: all good there, and the damages. It's the d 6. If I'm not mistaken. D. 8 plus 2 nice
Dylan: cool 3 days. Not the best damage.
Dylan: Minimum damage on that guy.
Dylan: and then Will has a movement of 40 with a dash action will get 80 movement. So he can get right within may leave that
Tim Sackton: of that warrior.
Dylan: and that's it. Right. Well, jump back to your turn.
Tim Sackton: I have the functionality to do this. I think so. Just as a as an aside by the third round of com. When the third round of combat is over, this will be noisy enough for people in the barracks to have heard it. If you can manage to wrap this up before the end of the third round, you can slink off without having been noticed. That's only 18 s. You gotta keep it under 20 s or somebody's gonna get suspicious.
Phil Grayson: So this is the end of the first round. Alright, the the warrior was the one that just got targeted. Right? Yup.
Phil Grayson: okay, I will shoot my newly enchanted crossbow.
Phil Grayson: 15 hit to hit
Tim Sackton: 15 on. The warrior is going to just barely hit
Phil Grayson: view. Here's some piercing damage for the warrior. 10
John L: the war here goes down dead.
Phil Grayson: and I will stay where I am and charge my mouse.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that brings us to the top of the round to Lauria.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So lawyers gonna break the fog cloud.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then. rather than
Sara/Loria (she/her): because again, very short legs is going to cast
Sara/Loria (she/her): zephyr strike.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That's right. It's a bonus action. Oh, it's a bonus action.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And
Sara/Loria (she/her): so you could still make an attack that boosts your speed right?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, cause it'll boost my speed as long as I can do zephyr. Strike and then attack. If that's an okay order of operation, that's totally okay. Okay. So I'll I'll I'll zephyr.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'll zephyr strike to get within melee of this one.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then I will attack with my shortsword.
Tim Sackton: So you only get one attack because you spent your bonus. I only get one. Yeah, I get one attack on the short sword.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But I get advantage on one weapon attack role on my term was Zephyr. Strike
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): terrible. I don't think that hit. It was 12
Sara/Loria (she/her): that does not hit. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I think that ends your turn right.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes, unless
Sara/Loria (she/her): I can re-roll the oh, no, it's damaged, though. No, I think that's it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Gavin, you're up. Got it? Howdy?
John L: I've been gayden gotten gayden. Okay, I mean, so is man be his real name.
John L: So
John L: I have to have to do the wisdom save before I can do anything
Tim Sackton: you're prone, which means that you still can attack. You can move, but you only move at half speed, and your attacks have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: At the end of your turn you can make a wisdom and save to see if you're allowed to stand up.
John L: So on the ground I look towards
John L: place on far enough. Oh, yeah.
John L: I look towards the serve the remaining goblin and there's a crackle of energy, and an elder's blast shoots out of my fingers as I'm disadvantage.
John L: so I just roll twice. Yep, roll twice, take the lower
Tim Sackton: A/C is 15. So that's gonna miss.
Tim Sackton: Now you can make a wisdom save to see if you can break the hacks.
Tim Sackton: Nope, still hexed.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we're in the middle of the second round. This goblin has not been hit yet.
Tim Sackton: Is gonna move back
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: 4, 5, 6, and then shoot a
Tim Sackton:  another hacks.
Tim Sackton: Gloria, and you feel your bones begin to
Tim Sackton: crackle with pain the first time you move
before the end of the goblin's next turn.
Tim Sackton: You have to make a constitution save or taking a chronic damage.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna end his turn. Hey? Scale? You're up.
Tim Sackton: You're muted, Phil. Yeah, you muted dude. Yeah, I tried to shoot with the crossbow. We got it at one
Tim Sackton: flies wide.
You.
Tim Sackton: Dylan, you're up.
Dylan: hey?
Dylan: And keeps moving away, and I'm not happy about that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But your steel defender is exactly 40 feet away. So
Dylan: yes, so I think I have to just do the same thing. Run up, take a part shot.
Dylan: and steel defender will just act
Dylan: after that.
Dylan: Nat twentieth you go
Dylan: and that's to that would be 2D. 8, I imagine. One. Well, there we go now we're
Tim Sackton: what's your dex?
Tim Sackton: So be a plus that that shot strikes this goblin straight in its chest, and it staggers back looking like pretty badly wounded you, like. Took out half its hit points in one shot
Dylan: hypothetically.
Dylan: The steel defender they're mainly attack is
Dylan: double-chicking.
Tim Sackton: It should be just your spell attack.
Dylan: plus 5 to hit. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Dylan: 18 plus plus 5. There we go.
Dylan: And I believe the damage. I mean, oh, yeah, this is, I was just learning this d 8 plus 2
Dylan: maximum damage. There you go, 10 damage.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But okay, this thing looks
Tim Sackton: badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: It's not quite dead, but it's clearly on its last legs.
Tim Sackton: There's a chance
Tim Sackton: you might. This is your last round at the end of this round. The fight's gonna be noticed.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Lauria, you're up.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay. So II run up
Sara/Loria (she/her): could be
Tim Sackton: okay as you run, make a constitution saving throw. Oh, yes, sorry. I asked me my con saving girl
Sara/Loria (she/her): 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay, do not take the image. You shake off the pain.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  remind me how nonlethal damage works just as long as it's a melee attack, you can. Just you can just decide it's non-lethal is exactly the same.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, perfect. I'm gonna attack. Then with my
Tim Sackton: okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 22 hits bad hits
John L:  with core damage!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, sorry! And it 7 damage!
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the goblin
Tim Sackton: falls unconscious as you whack it upside the head, returning the blow it tried to give to you
Tim Sackton: just moments ago. and everybody is suddenly quiet. You look back towards the barracks. Nobody seems to have noticed last you heard this guy was yelling.
John L: I'm gonna deal with Markie. Give me an hour.
Dylan: so I need to apologize.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm a little skittish sometimes.
John L: maybe should have mentioned that before we did that.
John L: and I'm like slowly getting off the ground after getting and punch. What acid was sprayed at me like
John L: like Gloria has the threat of someone hitting her, and she was like, No, thank you.
Dylan: So he has gated really hurt.
John L: I'm like
John L: I lost 8 hit points so I could probably use some. If somebody has some healing.
Dylan: I mean, if you come back I'll I'll give you a cure. Wounds.
John L: I appreciatively take out your worms.
Dylan: How much scaling do I get? Just checking my plus. So it's plus 3.
Dylan: We'll go ahead.
Dylan: 8. There you go! Oh, sweet.
Dylan: perfect 8! You go nice and healed.
John L: So we have, like 50 min. Interrogate this guy.
Tim Sackton: You've got about 50 min to interrogate this guy. Yes.
Tim Sackton: as you drag them back to the forge, I assume.
John L: or lease behind safety of the hedge. Yeah, yeah.
Phil Grayson: I'd say all the way back to the smithy, right? It's only a couple minutes down the road.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like it's like less than 5 min up the road, or it's no. It's like 200 feet up the road was there, but there was one goblin that got sent at the beginning of the battle. The goblin at the beginning got sent this guy Fulkin said. Go tell I'm dealing with Murky. If I'm not back in an hour, send somebody to check.
Phil Grayson: and that one that got sent got way too far away for us to stop him from work. Yeah, that one was gone before you even rolled, and that was way gone before before before they even got close to you.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So that one got back and said, Tolkien's dealing with
Tim Sackton: Marky's gotten got it into the brandy falcons dealing with him. he said, go check if he's not back in an hour
Phil Grayson: right?
John L: But nobody else got away. Nobody's
Tim Sackton: as far as the whatever. Whoever's Ogen Olgna, or whoever whatever goblins are in the barracks.
Tim Sackton: as far as you know, as far as they're aware.
John L: Fulk, and dragged and working back up to the smithy with this
Tim Sackton: hobgoblin prisoner, and
John L: is dealing with him, whatever that
Sara/Loria (she/her): can we make sure that we drag the
Sara/Loria (she/her): is because at least one goblin right? You killed 2 other 2.
Phil Grayson: Yes, that's smart. We try
Dylan: the same thing again.
John L: only with a much, much smarter goblin with a different goblin.
John L: I impersonate the big boss gob with the one that's there, and I take Morty's corpse with me and said, Morty's been taken care of. and then
John L: and then I'm like I'll be. I'll be doing the watch tonight by myself. I can practice the words. You won't have a very nervous apple with me
Phil Grayson: in the smithy is just really guttural.
Phil Grayson: We're going to take the smartest goblin we've ever encountered, and have it go and talk to the bigger boss goblin
Phil Grayson: in phonetic goblin.
Phil Grayson: and
Phil Grayson: and with without the ability to respond to any questions. I guess we could just leave a note in goblins. Read.
Sara/Loria (she/her): yeah, yeah, yeah. As far as you know.
John L: And do we just like leave more language. Do we like just toss Morty's corpse with a note saying, I'll be taking care. I'll be doing the watch tonight.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Took care of Murky watch alone today.
Phil Grayson: love.
Phil Grayson: and then just his handprint and blood.
Phil Grayson: Interrogate the guy first and decide what the best course of action is. Let's interrogate the guy and then wrap up the session. And you can worry about the long run.
Tim Sackton: How about that?
Dylan: That's a lot. Listen to. The DM.
Dylan: Campaign is now an eight-shot minimum.
Dylan: Let's actually bring it back to the smithy, the one we're gonna
Dylan: that's still alive. Okay, let's as silly as the other option is.
Dylan: We should probably just do that before the silly option.
Dylan: That's not the very smart option
Tim Sackton: you bring em back.
Tim Sackton: Stop, you know. Bring him back. Bring him! Bring him.
Tim Sackton:  bring them to, and and obviously tie him up, I presume.
Tim Sackton: Take his like bone staff away.
Tim Sackton:  And
Tim Sackton: he looks at you a as you
Tim Sackton: as you wake up as he wakes up like shaking his head.
Tim Sackton: You all, you know, you all recent experience of this being clubbed and knocked unconscious, and then coming to so you know what he's feeling, you know he's not at his best.
Tim Sackton: shakes his head, looks around, kinda snarls.
Tim Sackton: Who do you think you are.
Tim Sackton: Grimstone won't stand for this.
John L: Who is this Grimes? I can. We just canonically say that I'm translating whatever the
Sara/Loria (she/her): who is Greg? Who is this. We've heard so much about rhymes, don't
Tim Sackton: you'll know soon enough.
Tim Sackton: I think the lizard's gonna be first.
Tim Sackton: You've never met him. We're in for a treat
Tim Sackton: permanent stay, one might say.
Tim Sackton: oh, I'm looking forward to this Sunday.
Sara/Loria (she/her): What? What does Grimestone? Wha?
Sara/Loria (she/her): What does wha? What do they want with us? Why, why, the Lizard folk first. What's happened?
Tim Sackton: Go into the Manor and never come out.
Tim Sackton: So it's a big feast.
John L: Does anybody have good intimidation?
John L: No, I have a plus 3. I we could try that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But but a very big goose egg
John L: is this the guy that acid splashed me?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
John L: okay, can I have a can trip. I want to ask and splash him back as part of my intimidation. Okay.
John L: so I do. I can't trip acid splash
John L: as their role intimidation, trying to force him to tell us the plan.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead, make an intimidation check.
Tim Sackton: He looks startled as you kind of turn on him.
Tim Sackton: Acid spraying out of your your face. What are you asking him?
John L:  Who is Grimstone?
John L: What is he? What does he want?
Tim Sackton: He looks. His. His demeanor changes a little bit as the acid splashes against
Tim Sackton: stop.
Tim Sackton: I've only ever
Tim Sackton: seen him. I've never even spoken to him. He comes out in his black robes and his pure white marble mask
Tim Sackton: takes the prisoners away and showers us with gifts. Don't know. I stop it.
Tim Sackton: Don't know who he is. He's just the best boss I've worked for
John L: Tia Goblin.
Tim Sackton: Be a very big goblin or so
Sara/Loria (she/her): like points up at a scalp. His size.
Sara/Loria (she/her): What work does
Tim Sackton: he like points at all of you
Tim Sackton: catch people. Obviously
Tim Sackton: he only wants one. Every week
Tim Sackton: we're set for the next month with you 4.
Dylan: Does it have to be people
Dylan: and ask, or I get to worry, to
Dylan: translate unless someone else is also speaking.
Tim Sackton: We sent a dwarf up there once. certainly happy with halflings. Makes us dress em nice before we send them off.
Tim Sackton: Just the halflings, or everybody. Oh, everybody, some of them in armor, some in nice clothes.
Tim Sackton: There was a merchant a few weeks back he wanted bound in a white robe, for some reason.
Dylan: Hey?
Dylan: They don't come back out. Yes.
Tim Sackton: nobody's ever come out.
Tim Sackton: I'm a golden treasure and all the people.
Tim Sackton: But you let those keep silver copper
Tim Sackton: good
Dylan: feeling like we're gonna have to go up there.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Where? Where do you take
Sara/Loria (she/her): the prisoners dress nicely
Sara/Loria (she/her): to seek where
Tim Sackton: the manner obviously
John L: this is stupid.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes, yes. not bit panicked.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  should be.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can you point to where?
Tim Sackton: Check your eyes? Look out there. The Manor, the big villa!
Phil Grayson: Is he there now?
Tim Sackton: Obviously
Sara/Loria (she/her): always there.
Tim Sackton: Never seen him leave. Why would he
Tim Sackton: been here for months?
Phil Grayson: Well, I guess we've really got all that we need from this guy.
Dylan: Tools haven't got all you need. I'm gonna show you.
Tim Sackton: Just you wait
Sara/Loria (she/her): wait for what?
But army to come up
Tim Sackton: 10 goblins loyal to me.
Sara/Loria (she/her): You
Dylan: I don't. I I'm doubt you doubt me. Yes.
Tim Sackton: just you wait.
Dylan: but it's only 5. There's like 5, 3 had. Drop it. If you're
Phil Grayson: if you're dead, who are they loyal to?
Tim Sackton: If I'm dead, they'll attack with such a vicious vengeance to get revenge for my death that you won't know what hit you
Dylan: attack us, anyway, so your life is kind of forth at night. Still, a lot of gambling.
Tim Sackton: Well, you'll never get past the gate guards, anyway.
Dylan: Are they really tricky work? Huh! These gate? Gods! What are they? What are they like? Am I right like, oh, be ashamed to know what
Dylan: details they you could give about them.
Dylan: They got more than one man. That's what I'm guessing.
Tim Sackton: Bits on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Those filthy cracker.
Tim Sackton: Grimstone trusts them more than anyone.
Dylan: Gloria, you recognize this as a goblin
Tim Sackton:  slur for hog goblins.
John L: Hmm!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Where is where is Olna right now
Tim Sackton: she's probably running away. That aesthetic coward. Nobody's loyal to her.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Don't you work for Olna
Tim Sackton: fool! Who told you that
Tim Sackton: he like strains against his ropes to try and bite you.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Morgue. Obviously
Tim Sackton: Mark is a drunk idiot.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Doesn't mean it's wrong.
Phil Grayson: Murky was Grimes. Don't trust me.
Tim Sackton: Olga never liked him. Gets on the ground.
Tim Sackton: I'm the one who has the loyalty. I'm the one he pings. Damn augment! She'd probably run away in the tunnels if she was left to her own devices.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Who do you pay?
Tim Sackton: I don't pay anybody for Grimestone pays me.
Tim Sackton: I pay my loyal lackeys.
Tim Sackton: That's why they'll fight to the death to save me, I promise you.
Phil Grayson: Okay. Well.
Phil Grayson: the way that you're talking to us, I think there's like a 95% chance. You might not make it through another sentence. so
Phil Grayson: have you got an entrance into these tunnels? We can use to get in past the hob goblins, or are you like done breathing? Now
Dylan: make an intimidation check.
Phil Grayson: Alright.
Phil Grayson:  well, negative one. Let's see, I might use lucky on this one, Tim. Give me a advantage.
Dylan: Yeah, I think I'll use a lucky.
Phil Grayson: but he's lucky.
Phil Grayson: And another wonderful role
Dylan: yeah, even better before I mean technically better.
Tim Sackton: He he kind of laughed at you. You don't scare me. It's
Dylan: your work is unionized
Dylan: because it sounds like
Dylan: we might be I could we have a negotiation?
John L: No, not nothing tech. We're gonna just, are we just gonna in this guy here we could.
Dylan: We've got. I think he's just gonna insult us more. And I think he's gonna give us anything more useful than we've already got.
John L: It is still pissed off about being kicked. So oh, I'm gonna Eldridge last in that point like range
Dylan: like a shotgun
John L: range.
Tim Sackton: not expecting the are you still? Do you still? Are you still disguised right? Just like totally had tuned you out, thinking you were just like
Tim Sackton: a goblin in the background, totally, not expecting, like
Tim Sackton: laughing at this lizard folk who
Tim Sackton: didn't really scare him, and then blam just heels over.
Phil Grayson: II cure wounds on him. and
Phil Grayson: and I say, I say, in in common, I say we can do this all day.
Dylan: I let the the crackling of the blast be right by his ear, just letting him know. Okay, I'm gonna say, Gaiden
Tim Sackton: get making it a intimidation check with advantage because
Tim Sackton: but a scale is helping.
Tim Sackton: He just he like his face drains of color. and
Tim Sackton: he like looks up at you like scared
Tim Sackton: like demeanor shifts entirely like
Tim Sackton: no. What do you? What do you want?
Phil Grayson: That's a tunnel sounded kind of cool.
Phil Grayson: a map of the manner that you know. Like.
Tim Sackton: what have you got? I've never been in the manner the tunnels they lead in what the
Tim Sackton: the wine cellar but
Tim Sackton: does
Tim Sackton: 2 2 entrances that I know there's there's one in in the barracks.
Tim Sackton: I don't think the goblins will let you in.
Tim Sackton: There's one
Tim Sackton: from from the kitchen.
Tim Sackton: Think in the old gardens near the manor. the walled garden
Tim Sackton: there's a there's a there's a
Tim Sackton: there's a kitchen there.
Tim Sackton: and someone said someone said, someone said.
Tim Sackton: There's there's a chapel on the other side of the manor.
Tim Sackton: and that the the tunnel might go there.
Tim Sackton: but but but I
Tim Sackton: I haven't been.
Tim Sackton: That's where I look.
Tim Sackton: but that
Tim Sackton: the Hub goblins just
Tim Sackton: keep us from from from from running. They don't patrol the grounds just just just stay away from the gates.
Tim Sackton: So the hobgoblins watch the the gates like the the exit from this whole complex, not the gates to the manner. There are additional guards that guard the main door to the manner he says.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton:  it sounds
Tim Sackton: from him from the way. He says that there's like only light patrols, like one of the hobgoblins, will come. Do a check
Tim Sackton: like, you know, once a night or something, but it's really they trust that they're keeping.
Tim Sackton: The goblins are the ones who are supposed to
Tim Sackton:  down. Stay on guard, and the hob gobblers never go into the tunnels. They're too narrow and uncomfortable. the implication being, if you wanted to long grass, then you
Tim Sackton: trust this guy not to try and betray you. That tunnels would be pretty safe.
Sara/Loria (she/her): How many goblins are in the barracks? Still.
Tim Sackton: I wasn't lying.
Tim Sackton: There's 10 plus Olga.
Dylan: Yeah.
Dylan: Anything else we need from us today.
Phil Grayson:  it was
Phil Grayson: kitchen.
Tim Sackton: chapel, or tunnels to the wine cellar? Or are there tunnels to the kitchen in the chapel as well? The tunnels, the tunnels lead to the wine cellar, the entrances that he knows of.
Tim Sackton: There's a whole tunnel system.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, there's
Tim Sackton: an entrance from the Goblin's barracks. There's an entrance from the kitchen. and there is a rumored entrance from the chapel, but he's never been there.
Phil Grayson: The kitchen you have to be inside to get the tunnels.
Tim Sackton: No, the kitchens the kitchen is like, so there's that walled garden that you couldn't see into. That's where the kitchen is. It's it's, you know, a few 100 feet from the
Tim Sackton: manner itself, presumably from the wine cellar. You can get into the manner.
Phil Grayson: yeah.
Tim Sackton: but the goblins never go into the manner.
Phil Grayson: Okay, they can tell you that there's the hobgoblin's guard that
Tim Sackton: gates to leave this complex and hobgoblins. Guard the front door to the Manor.
Tim Sackton: and then there's one. There's yeah
Tim Sackton: one hub goblin that does around every night, just to check and make sure the goblins aren't stirring up trouble. But there are not heavy patrols.
Okay?
John L: We've done pretty well.
Phil Grayson: very beautiful blast
Dylan: last.
Phil Grayson: You might be able to let us in the the barracks ones
Phil Grayson: like you never saw us.
Phil Grayson: Goodbye.
Phil Grayson: or we try and long rest, and then they ambush us.
Phil Grayson: Depends on
Phil Grayson: what we think.
Dylan: Mike.
Dylan: how many people are gonna come out? How many goblins gonna come out to investigate
Dylan: like
Dylan: if they're coming in an hour or something again. This is the next station. But for like, if they're coming out in an hour, how many come out, because if this 10 goblins.
Dylan: the old Tina, gonna come at once. So they did say, Tell Olga I'm gonna deal with more key. I'll be back an hour, and Olgna is like.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think Ola is like the head of the goblin
Phil Grayson: right?
Sara/Loria (she/her): So all that either goes to check herself or sends them out.
Dylan: You know how many like she's never seen. All of them is what I'm saying like, what if you can
Dylan: take them out in chunks?
Phil Grayson: Why is that coming out? We can go in. I don't know. Yeah, we could go then, or we could see if we can get like.
Dylan: I like the tunnel.
Phil Grayson: Get a walk into the tunnels now from this guy for his life, and then
Tim Sackton: we like just to be clear that that I mean, he could maybe lead you to the kitchen, although that's like half a mile away or a quarter of a mile away.
Tim Sackton: The tunnel enters in the barracks
Tim Sackton: is like inside that building where the 11 other goblins are. But he pays that right.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: trust that he's actually the boss. Right?
Phil Grayson: Okay, I I'm I'm happy that like.
Phil Grayson: leave it here and pick it up next week. If yeah, I mean, if you want to.
Tim Sackton: If you want to decide
Tim Sackton: your course of action, that's fine, or we can just refresh. We're not playing for 2 weeks, so I don't want people to like completely forget everything that was happening.
Dylan: But it's fine either way. This is a good place to stop. We definitely stop it before you actually execute anyone's plans. Yeah.
John L: I still like the idea. We bring Morty's corpse over there and just start the cycle over again and just learn him out 3 or 4 times
Tim Sackton: could work.
John L: We could do it like it was like a murder suicide thing. Believe Maury and the guy there in between the building, like.
Dylan: Oh, my goodness.
Dylan: I mean, I actually
Tim Sackton: yeah, go ahead.
Dylan: No, II like the tunnels. Yeah. But I also like just doing the same thing to get more out. But I think we got lucky.
Dylan: so I don't know the tunnels is nice, cause at least we can.
Dylan: It's it's like bottle making right? So if so, if he's correct, the the tunnel has what one
Dylan: hob goblin near it, or something. If we go by the the garden, or or something. If I, if I was mistaken.
Dylan: go by the garden, is one hop God like, get into tunnel. Start going the tunnels, and
Dylan: hmm!
Sara/Loria (she/her): But we have to figure out what to do with
Sara/Loria (she/her): sorry Tim. What's his name? Again. We have to figure out what to do with Tolkien, because he doesn't come back. Then we only have an hour until someone goes and looks for him and finds us gone, raises the alarm with the hob goblet that are guarding. Make it deal with it. Be like, Hey, just look the other way.
John L: We're gonna go to the tunnels.
Phil Grayson: Prisoners escaped.
Phil Grayson: We'll bring you back. We'll bring you back a gold.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. How much is Grimstone? How much is Grimstone paid him per prisoner.
Phil Grayson: Sounds like they get to keep the silver and copper from the
Tim Sackton: the deal was they get to keep the silver and copper, plus whatever they can smuggle.
Tim Sackton: but gold and
Tim Sackton: most magic gets sent into sent to the Manor. So it's not a bad living, right, like most of the merchants here travel primarily with silver
Sara/Loria (she/her): sounds to me, though that full can might be able to be bought off with, like the 27 coppers we found, and maybe one or 2 pieces of we bribe them.
Phil Grayson: We got gold, but I don't know if a scale is willing to pot with this goal. Well, I don't. I don't have any gold, right? It's all it's all in the manner with with, you know, like I do kind of feel like
Phil Grayson: we don't necessarily need to bribe him. We just need to let him walk away. That's already a pretty big win. Yeah, we can just have him just be like, go back and say, everything's okay and just
Phil Grayson: forget. And then that gives us time to do what we need to do. Yeah, you all need to go out and rate some more, because you're down your weekly people to sacrifice. But other than that, like, it's just
Phil Grayson: your standard. Go to day to day.
Sara/Loria (she/her): You picked on the wrong people this week, and they gone. Can we get him to say that everything at the smithy is fine, and that he brought enough food that they don't have to be bothered for like 2 days.
John L: No, no need for dinner, goblin
Sara/Loria (she/her): goblin, for, like at least 2 days they got, they have so much food, and the 2 that are dead are just drinking with with everyone else.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yep.
John L: I like it. Yeah, sounds like our tentative plan.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, someone write that down. I got it. So that's where we'll start tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: or not tomorrow in 2 weeks. So next session, the
Tim Sackton: sending him off to
Tim Sackton: convince the rest of the goblins that everything's fine.
Tim Sackton: They don't need a bother. He's punishing Murky and them with
Tim Sackton: solitary confinement with the prisoners for the next 3 days, and we'll pick up with where you want to go from. There.